_____ in the name of love?  Stop 
 He's So Fine ,  One Fine Day,  and  A Love So Fine  were hits for what fine group?   The Chiffons 
 Joy to the World  was a hit in 1971 for what band with three lead vocalists?   Three Dog Night 
A graphical representation of the guitar fingerboard, used to teach someone to play a guitar without actually learning how to read musical notes.?  Tablature 
About which family are the Godfather films?  Corleone 
After who was Deana Carter named?  Dean Martin 
An adventurous penguin named Tennessee Tuxedo had a sidekick named _______?  Chumley 
An alien creature in a funny hat has opposed both Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck.  Where is he from?  Mars 
As what is Merle Haggard also known as?  Okie from Muskogee 
As who is Terry Bollea known?  Hulk Hogan 
At the end of  Planet of the Apes  what protruded from the rocks?   Statue of Liberty 
Band: Elvis Costello and the ___________ ?  Attractions 
Barbara Streisand was the female lead in  Hello, Dolly .  Who was the male lead?   Walter Matthau 
Beethoven's Sixth Symphony shares it's popular name with a method of animal farming. What is it?  Pastoral 
Before being married to Pamela Anderson what other famous actress was Tommy Lee married to?  Heather Locklear 
Before Olive Oil met Popeye she was engaged to someone.  Who was he?  Ham Gravy 
Benny and Cecil were at odds with whom?  John 
Besides  Auld Lang Syne  and  For He's a Jolly Good Fellow , what is the most frequently sung song in English?   Happy Birthday 
Besides the Stones, which group had the longest touring career until the founder's death in 1995?  The Grateful Dead 
Bill Justis was a studio musician when he recorded this 'sloppy' instrumental in october 1957?  Raunchy 
Bugs always finds himself at the wrong end of a gun, usually toted by either Elmer Fudd or who?  Yosemite Sam 
Casper the Friendly Ghost frolicked with which witch?  Wendy 
Charles Boyer inspired a cartoon skunk. Who?  Pepe le Pew 
Country singer Vince ____?  Gill 
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he didn't wear ______?  Pants 
Famous Phrases: Who knows? The ______.  Shadow 
Fat Albert and friends was created by ______ ?  Bill Cosby 
Fifties rock  n  roll was revived by what greased hair, T-shirted, TV frequenting group?   Sha Na Na 
For which ad campaign was the line 'I can't believe I ate the whole thing' used?  Alka Seltzer 
For which cartoon character was Beethoven a favourite composer?  Shroeder 
For which film did Art Carney win best actor Oscar in 1974?  Harry and Tonto 
For whom did Colonel Tom Parker act as manager?  Elvis Presley 
Formerly with Spencer Davis, he went on to form Traffic with Dave Mason. He is?  Steve Winwood 
From what platform does the 'Chattanooga Choo Choo' leave Pennsylvania station?  29 
From where was Ricky in 'I Love Lucy'?  Cuba 
From which station does the 'Chattanooga Choo Choo' leave?  Pennsylvania station 
Gadzookie has a large, green friend. Who is he?  Godzilla 
Hang On Sloopy' was the official rock song of which band?  Ohio 
Hanna-Barbera rose to fame by creating what duo for MGM?  Tom and Jerry 
Hey! What was the name of the hit song released by 'The Romantics' in February 1980?  That's What I Like About You 
How does Wonder Woman control her invisible airplane?  Mental powers 
How many flats are in the key of B flat major?  Two 
How many freckles did Howdy Doody have?  Forty eight 
How many members are in the 'fairfield four'?  Five 
How many Oscars did Ben Hur win?  Eleven 
How many semitones are there in an octave?  12 
How many storm troopers were seen in Star Trek?  None (It Was Star Wars) 
How many strings are there on a bass guitar?  Four 
How many strings are there on a standard guitar?  Six 
How many strings are there on a violin?  Four 
How many strings does a harp have?  47 
How many symphonies did Beethoven complete?  Eight 
How old was Leann Rhimes when she became a country music star?  Fourteen 
How old was Leann Rhimes when she recorded her first album?  Eleven 
In 'Coronation Street', who is Ken and Denise's son?  Daniel 
In 'La Traviata', what does Violetta sing?  Sempre Libera 
In 'La Traviata', who sings 'Sempre Libera'?  Violetta 
In 'Star Wars', who was C3P0's sidekick?  R2D2 
In 'The Shining' what was the child's imaginary friend's name (the one who told him things that were going to happen)?  Tony 
In  Gone With the Wind , Scarlett regains her wealth by investing in what type of business?   Sawmill 
In 1958, who had a pop music hit with 'Willie and the Hand Jive'?  Johnny Otis 
In 1962 Chubby Checker had a hit with a pop song and novelty dance that remains famous today. What was that dance?  The Twist 
In 1968, who released 'Carnival of life' and 'Recital'?  Lee Michaels 
In 1981, who won song of the year with 'Sailing'?  Christopher Cross 
In 1987, who released her second album 'Solitude Standing'?  Suzanne Vega 
In a 1976 release, who wanted to 'fly like an eagle'?  Steve Miller Band 
In late 1957, Buddy Holly's solo release 'Peggy Sue' challenged which song recorded with The Crickets?  Oh Boy 
In the 'Nightmare On Elm Street' films, who played Freddy Krueger?  Robert Englund 
In the 1996 version of  Romeo and Juliet , who played Juliet?   Claire Danes 
In the 60s Mokees Song Here comes Tommorow who does Davey Jones say he Loves?  Sandra and Mary 
In the 70s Hit Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons what is the name of the company Scralet works for?  Spectrum 
In the cartoons who was Hokie Wolf's sidekick?  Ding 
In the children's tv series 'Sesame Street', what two characters were roomates?  Bert and Ernie 
In the film 'American Hot Wax', who did Jay Leno play?  Mookie 
In the film 'American Hot Wax', who played the 'Mookie'?  Jay Leno 
In the film 'Hackers', how old was 'zero_kool' when he was first arrested?  Eleven 
In the film 'Home Alone', who played the baddies?  Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern 
In the film 'Pretty Woman', for who was Goldie Hawn the body double?  Julia Roberts 
In the film 'The Day Of The Jackal', who played the Jackal?  Edward Fox 
In the Gene Pitney how many hours was it from Tulsa?  24 
In the opera 'Don Giovanni', what was Leporello?  Servant 
In the TV series 'Seinfeld', who does Michael Richards play?  Kramer 
In the TV series 'Seinfeld', who plays Kramer?  Michael Richards 
In the TV series 'The Brady Bunch', what was Cindy's toy doll's name?  Kitty Carrie All 
In the TV series 'The Fall Guy', who did Lee Majors play?  Colt Seavers 
In the TV series 'The Fall Guy', who played Colt Seavers?  Lee Majors 
In the TV sitcom 'Married With Children', what is the dog's name?  Buck 
In what city does Fat Albert live?  Philadelphia 
In what did someone squish her hands to make the sound of e.t walking?  Jelly 
In what film did Whoopi Goldberg make her screen debut?  The Color Purple 
In which Disney movie is the song  So This Is Love ?  Cinderella 
In which film did Henry Fonda play a fallen priest?  The Fugitive 
In which film did Jay Leno play 'Mookie'?  American Hot Wax 
In which film did Paul Newman and Robert Redford hold hands and jump into a river?  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid 
In which film was Goldie Hawn the body double for Julia Roberts?  Pretty Woman 
In which James Bond film does the villain cheat at golf?  Goldfinger 
In which London recording studios did The Beatles record the majority of their work?  Abbey Road 
In which movie did Bruce Willis play the role of Corben Dallas?  The Fifth Element 
In which opera does Leporello entertain a vengeful jilted lover?  Don Giovanni 
In which Verdi opera does Violetta sing 'Sempre Libera'?  La Traviata 
John Travolta, Samuel Jackson, Uma Thurman starred in which 1994 Quentin Tarantino film?  Pulp Fiction 
Juliette Binoche won an academy award for best supporting role in which film?  English Patient 
Kelsey Grammer sings and plays the theme song for which TV show?  Frasier 
Mel Blanc, the voice of Bugs Bunny, was allergic to what?  Carrots 
Mentor of Titan had two children in the Marvel comics, Thanos and ___?  Ero 
Michael di Lorenzo was one of the lead dancers on which Michael Jackson video?  Beat It 
Mickey Mouse is known as what in Italy?  Topolino 
Miss Buckley is secretary to what commanding officer?  General Halftrack 
Name Cathy's on again/off again boy friend?  Irving 
Name Donald Duck's girlfriend?  Daisy 
Name the band - songs include  Add It Up, Blister In The Sun, Kiss Off ?  Violet Femmes 
Name the band - songs include  Aqualung, Thick as a Brick ?  Jethro Tull 
Name the band - songs include  Baby I Don't Care, I Want Your Love ?  Transvision Vamp 
Name the band - songs include  Black Night, Smoke On The Water ?  Deep Purple 
Name the band - songs include  Doctor Doctor, Hold Me Now, Don't Mess With Dr Dream ?  Thompson Twins 
Name the band - songs include  Forgiven Not Forgotten, Runaway ?  The Coors 
Name the band - songs include  Get Down & Get With It, Mama We're All Crazy Now ?  Slade 
Name the band - songs include  Heart of Glass, The Tide is High ?  Blondie 
Name the band - songs include  Let's Stick Together, The Price of Love ?  Bryan Ferry 
Name the band - songs include  Light My Fire, Love Her Madly ?  The Doors 
  { category_id : ENTERTAINMENT ,  lang : en ,  tags :[ ENTERTAINMENT],  question : Name the band - songs include  Monday Monday, California Dreamin' ?  The Mamas and the Papas 
Name the band - songs include  Mystify, Listen Like Thieves, Original Sin ?  INXS 
Name the band - songs include  Psycho Killer, Road To Nowhere ?  Talkingheads 
Name the band - songs include  Sex & Drugs & Rock & Roll, I Want To Be Straight ?  Ian Drury and The Blockheads 
Name the band - songs include  Strange Brew, White Room ?  Cream 
Name the late actor who played Obi-Wan Kenobi in Star Wars?  Alec Guiness 
Name the singer - songs include  Me & Bobby McGee, Mercedes Benz ?  Janis Joplin 
On 'Dragnet', who played officer Bill Gannon?  Harry Morgan 
On 'The Lucy Show', who played Vivian Bagley?  Vivian Vance 
On what LP Cover can we read the words 'Welcome Rolling Stones'?  Sergeant Pepper´s Lonely Hearts Club Band 
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found?  Captain Kangaroo 
Orson Wells was nominated for four oscars for which legendary movie?  Citizen Kane 
Pancho was whose faithful sidekick?  Cisco Kid's 
Paul Mccartney played these instruments?  Bass guitar and piano 
Popeye's chief adversary has two names, Bluto and ______?  Brutus 
R. Kelly sings: 'If I can see it then I can do it, if I just believe it, there's nothing to it'. What's the song title?  I Believe I Can Fly 
Randy Travis said his love was 'deeper than the ______'?  Holler 
Richard Strauss' majestic overture  Also Sprach Zarathustra  was the theme music for which Stanley Kubrick film?   2001 : A Space Odyessy 
Rolling Stones first hit was written by what group?  The Beatles 
Savage Garden took 13 nominations and 10 wins at which awards?  ARIA awards 
Singer Paula ______?  Abdul 
Singing without instrumental back up is called what?  Capella 
Sung by Robert Palmer, '______ to love'?  Addicted 
Tarzan had a chimpanzee, what was his name?  Cheetah 
Tess Trueheart married which plainclothes detective?  Dick Tracy 
The eldest sister in the TV Series Charmed, is played by who?  Shannon Doherty 
The film 'The Wizard Of ______'?  Oz 
The Hard Rock Cafe is named after a song by what band?  The Doors 
The initials of the band NIN stand for?  Nine Inch Nails 
The maiden names of which two cartoon characters are Slaghoople and Mcbricker?  Wilma Flintstone and Betty Rubble 
The rolling stones first recorded song was?  Come On 
The song  Matchmaker, Matchmaker  came from which musical play?   Fiddler On The Roof 
The theme tune for 'Monty Python's Flying Circus' was written by which composer?  John Philip Sousa 
The Who' had a guiness world record for what?  Loudest Band 
This band's highly original video for  Whip it,  characterized by red flower pot hats was criticized for being both sado-masochistic and racist?   Devo 
This gypsy swing guitarist nearly had his left hand destroyed by fire as a child?  Django Reinhardt 
This term means to play crisply, with the notes separated?  Staccato 
This term means to play moderately slow and gracefully?  Adagio 
This term means to play smoothly?  Legato 
Tinky winky, Dipsy LaLa and Po are know as what?  The Teletubbies 
Tippi Hedren is best known for her lead role in which film?  The Birds 
To gradually decrease in volume?  Decrescendo 
To play music smoothly?  Legato 
To which elemetary school did TV's 'Brady Bunch' go?  Dixie Canyon Elementary 
Turn, Side and Why does it always rain on me are all songs from what UK band?  Travis 
TV series: 'American ______'?  Bandstand 
Vincent Vega appeared in which movie?  Pulp Fiction 
Was Shirley Temple 21, 25 or 29 when she made her last film?  21 
What actor appeared in all three of these films, Straw Dogs, Midnight Cowboy, and The Graduate?  Dustin Hoffman 
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations?  Katherine Hepburn 
What actress's real name was Frances Gumm?  Judy Garland 
What album holds the world record for copies sold?  Thriller 
What are the names of Donald Duck's nephews?  Huey Dewey and Louey 
What are the separators on a guitar neck called?  Frets 
What band recorded the 1978 hit album:  Briefcase Full of Blues ?  The Blues Brothers 
What came out of Milton's head?  Steam 
What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM?  Screwball Squirrel 
What city do Batman and Robin patrol?  Gotham City 
What city is also known as Music City, U.S.A.?  Nashville 
What city's police force did Charlie Chan work with?  Honolulu 
What classic rock band sang the song 'Paint It, Black'?  Rolling Stones 
What color was Bullitt's car?  Green 
What colour is Art & Literature in the standard edition of  Trivial Pursuit ?  Brown 
What comic strip character is Beetle Bailey's sister?  Lois (of Hi and Lois) 
What composer was working on his 10th symphony at the time of his death?  Ludwig van Beethoven 
What country singer/songwriter (and sometimes actor) is known as  the country outlaw ?  Willie Nelson 
What country was the setting for  The King and I ?  Siam (Thailand) 
What detective duo was featured in Mystery at Devil's Paw?  Hardy 
What did Dagwood give up to marry Blondie?  A family inheritance 
What did Dorothy's house land on in 'The Wizard Of Oz'?  The Wicked Witch of the West 
What did Dr. David Banner become when he got angry?  The Incredible Hulk 
What did George Harrison discover on the Witwatersrand?  Gold 
What did Hannibal Lecter like to eat with liver?  Fava Beans 
What did Peppermint Patty always call Charlie Brown?  Chuck 
What did Sheryl Crow do before she became a singer?  Teach 
What did TVs IMF stand for?  Impossible Mission Forces 
What do the initials B.B. stand for in B.B. King's name?  Blues Boy 
What do the initials of the band NIN stand for?  Nine Inch Nails 
What does Steven Spielberg try to include in every film he makes, claiming it is for luck?  Scene With A Shooting Star 
What does the Italian term  poco a poco  mean?   Little by little 
What does the statue of Oscar stand on?  A Reel of Film 
What does the term 'DJ' mean?  Disc Jockey 
What Don Mclean song laments the day Buddy Holly died?  American Pie 
What entertainer is allowing one of his songs to be used in a government campaign to beat drunk driving?  Michael Jackson 
What expression did Clark Kent's newspaper boss like to use?  Great Caesar's ghost! 
What famous animal character called  Skull Island  home?   King Kong 
What famous classical composer continued to compose great music after becoming deaf?  Ludwig van Beethoven 
What famous singer was known to give automobiles to complete strangers?  Elvis Presley 
What film did John Wayne win his only Oscar for?  True Grit 
What film featured a cat named Mr. Bigglesworth?  Austin Powers 
What film is generally considered the worst film ever made?  Attack of the Killer Tomatoes 
What film marked James Cagney's return to the screen after 20 years?  Ragtime 
What film starred Helen Hunt, Cary Elwes and Bill Paxton?  Twister 
What film starred Rosie O'Donnell, Rita Wilson and Meg Ryan?  Sleepless in Seattle 
What film was the last featuring Mel Blanc's voice?  Jetsons 
What group refused to have their pictures taken while they were not in their makeup?  Kiss 
What group's biggest-ever hit was Be My Baby?  The Ronettes 
What hardcore rock group sings, 'Blind' and 'Clown'?  Korn 
What instrument are you playing when you perform a rim shot?  Drums 
What instrument does an organ grinder play?  Hurdy gurdy 
What instrument does Woody Allen play?  Clarinet 
What is a cello's full name?  Violoncello 
What is a Hurdy-Gurdy?  A Fiddle 
What is a violoncello usually called?  Cello 
What is Blondie's maiden name?  Oop 
What is Cape Town's major choir called?  Philharmonic choir 
What is Cher's maiden name?  Sarkassian 
What is Dennis the Menace's last name?  Mitchell 
What is Dennis the Menace's surname?  Mitchell 
What is Elton John's real name?  Reginald Dwight 
What is Hawkeye's full name in M.A.S.H.?  Benjamin Franklin Pierce 
What is Hulk Hogan's real name?  Terry Bollea 
What is Kenny G's real surname?  Gorelick 
What is Kermit D Frog's girlfriend's name?  Miss Piggy 
What is know as 'The Greatest Show On Earth'?  Barnum & Bailey Circus 
What is Peter Parker's secret identity?  Spiderman 
What is Super Chicken's partners name?  Fred 
What is tattooed on Glen Campbell's arm?  Dagger 
What is the address of The Munsters?  1313 Mockingbird Lane 
What is the destination of the plane at the end of the film  Casablanca ?  Lisbon 
What is the drummer's name in 'The Muppet Show'?  Animal 
What is the frog's name in 'The Muppet Show'?  Kermit D Frog 
What is the longest running musical in Broadway history?  Cats 
What is the mother's name in Family Circus?  Thelma 
What is the name given to the type of West Indian music made famous by artists such as Bob Marley and Peter Tosh?  Reggae 
What is the name of Duddley Do-Right's horse?  Horse 
What is the name of Jaleel White's character in the tv series 'Family ties'?  Steve Urkel 
What is the name of Pearce Brosnan's first James Bond film?  Goldeneye 
What is the name of the Family Circus's dog?  Barf 
What is the name of the film in which Steven Segal's character dies?  Executive Decision 
What is the name of the Indian musical instrument made popular in western rock by The Beatles and Ravi Shankar?  Sitar 
What is the name of the rabbit in the film,  Bambi ?  Thumper 
What is the name of the skunk in the film,  Bambi ?  Flower 
What is the name of the Volkswagen in the film,  The Love Bug ?  Herbie 
What is the official birthplace of country music?  Bristol 
What is the only X Rated film to have won the best film Oscar?  Midnight Cowboy 
What is the Pink panter in the Pink Pather film?  A Diamond 
What is the sequel to the film 'Every Which Way But Loose'?  Every Which Way You Can 
What is the stage name of Greta Gustafson?  Greta Garbo 
What is the term used for 'slowly' in music?  Lento 
What is the title of the 1996 sequel to  Terms of Endearment ?  Morning Star 
What is Tina Turner's real name?  Anne Mae Bullock 
What is Vanilla Ice's real name?  Robert van Winkle 
What job was Sting before he was a rock star?  Teacher 
What kind of creature was Chewbacca in  Star Wars ?  Wookiee 
What kind of dog is Scooby Doo?  Great dane 
What kind of eyes did the girl in  Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds  have?   Kaleidoscope 
What license plate number is on the Volkswagon on the cover of The Beatles' 'Abbey Road' Album?  281F 
What Magician walked through the great wall of china?  David Copperfield 
What Marlon Brando film was widely banned?  Last Tango In Paris 
What movie starred Nicholas Cage and John Travolta, one as a police officer, the other as a villain?  Face Off 
What musical instrument did Jack Benny play?  Violin 
What night club did Ricky work at on 'I Love Lucy'?  The Tropicana 
What other well known singer shares the same birthday as Elvis Presley (Jan 8)?  David Bowie 
What Procol Harem tune was based on the Bach cantata  Sleepers Awake ?  A Whiter Shade of Pale 
What show/game has characters such as Bulbasaur and Pikachu?  Pokemon 
What song by Don McLean talks about the day Buddy Holly died?  American Pie 
What song did Aretha Franklin sing in  The Blues Brothers ?  Think 
What song did Elton John and George Michael sing as a duet?  Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me 
What song was originally 'Good Morning To You' before the words were changed and it was published in 1935?  Happy Birthday To You 
What song's words were changed and then published in 1935 as 'Happy Birthday To You'?  Good Morning To You 
What term is used for the speed at which a piece of music is played ?  Tempo 
What TV network features programming just for children?  Nickelodeon 
What TV series from 1970-1974 starred Susan Dey?  Partridge Family 
What two words are normally at the end of most movies?  The End 
What type of plant does Broom Hilda sell?  Venus flytrap 
What was  Rocky's  last name?   Balboa 
What was Ben Stiller's character called in 'Mystery Men'?  Mr. Furious 
What was Betty Grable's nickname?  The Legs 
What was Citizen Kane's dying word?  Rosebud 
What was Citizen Kane's first name?  Charles 
What was Daffy Duck's favorite insult?  You're dispicable! 
What was Don Rickles' nickname?  Mr. Warmth 
What was Dorothy's last name in  The Wizard of Oz ?  Gale 
What was Eddie Murphy's character name in 'Beverley Hills Cop'?  Axel Foley 
What was Elvis Presley's twin brother's name?  Garon 
What was Elvis Presley's wife's name?  Priscilla 
What was Eric Claptons Nick Name?  Slowhand 
What was Garth's last name in 'Wayne's World'?  Algar 
What was George of the Jungle always running in to?  A tree 
What was Jethro Tull before donating his name to a British epic rock group?  Agriculturist 
What was John Wayne's real name?  Marion Morrison 
What was Keanu Reeves' computer world alias in 'The Matrix'?  Neo 
What was Keanu Reeves' first big film?  Point Break 
What was Kevin Bacon's first big hit?  Footloose 
What was Lucy's maiden name on 'I Love Lucy'?  McGillicuddy 
What was Marilyn Monroe's given name at birth?  Norma Jean Mortenson 
What was painted on Peter Fonda's helmet motorcycle helmet in 'Easy Rider'?  Stars and stripes 
What was Rocky's nickname in the ring?  The Italian Stallion 
What was Sir Alec Guinness's role in  Star Wars ?  Obi-Wan Kenobi 
What was the average age of United States soldiers in the Vietnam war?  Nineteen 
What was The Beatles' biggest hit single?  Hey Jude 
What was the first cartoon character called?  Oswald the Rabbit 
What was the first cartoon to feature sound?  Steamboat Willie 
What was the first CD pressed in the USA?  Born In The USA 
What was the first film directed by Robert Redford?  Ordinary People 
What was the first James Bond Film?  Dr. No 
What was the first network series devoted entirely to rock and roll?  American Bandstand 
What was the last Beatles album to be released before they broke up in 1970?  Let It Be 
What was the last movie of the late Brandon Lee?  The Crow 
What was the name of Ashley Wilkes' plantation in  Gone With the Wind ?  Twelve Oaks 
What was the name of Barney and Betty Rubble's son?  Bam Bam 
What was the name of George of the Jungle's pet elephant?  Shep 
What was the name of Han Solo's spaceship in  Star Wars ?  Millennium Falcon 
What was the name of Luke's strange little advisor in  The Empire Strikes Back ?  Yoda 
What was the name of Ross' pet monkey on 'Friends'?  Marcel 
What was the name of Speed Racer's car?  The Mach Five 
What was the name of the motel in the film  Psycho ?  Bates Motel 
What was the name of the pinball machine in the film 'Tommy'?  Wizard 
What was the name of the restaurant the TV series  Happy Days ?  Arnolds 
What was the name of the two space shuttles in 'Armegeddon'?  Freedom and Independence 
What was the original name Charles Schultz had for Peanuts?  Li'l Folks 
What was the original name of  Little Rascals ?  Our Gang 
What was the original name of Paul McCartney's fictional church cleaner 'Eleanor Rigby'?  Miss Daisy Hawkins 
What was the Oscar-winning theme song from  Breakfast at Tiffany's ?  Moon River 
What was the relationship between Superman and Supergirl?  Cousin 
What was the setting for  The Sound of Music ?  Austria 
What was the working title for The Beatles' song, 'Yesterday'?  Scrambled Eggs 
What was used for blood in the film 'psycho'?  Chocolate syrup 
What were Wilma Flintstone and Betty Rubble's maiden names?  Slaghoople and Mcbricker 
What's the name of B.B. King's guitar?  Lucille 
What's the name of the Mummy in the film  The Mummy ?  Imhotep 
Whats the smallest size grand piano?  A Baby Grand 
When danger appeared, Quick Draw McGraw became which super hero?  El KaBong 
When not a Birdman, what does Ray Randall do for a living?  Police officer 
When not fighting crime, what did Underdog do for a living?  Shoeshine boy 
When Tweety exclaimed,  I thought I saw a putty tat! , who did he see?   Sylvester 
Where are Rocket J. Squirel and Bullwinkle Moose from?  Frostbite Falls 
Where did Clark Kent attend college?  Metropolis University 
Where did George Harrison discover gold?  Witwatersrand 
Where did George of the Jungle live?  Imgwee Gwee Valley 
Where did Mighty Mouse get his superpowers?  Supermarket 
Where do Rocky and Bullwinkle play football?  What'samatta University 
Where does George Jetson work?  Spacely Sprockets 
Where does Gonzo from the Muppet Show come from?  Outer space 
Where does Yogi Bear Live?  Jellystone Park 
Where does young Anakin Skywalker come from?  Tatooine 
Where is the Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame?  Cleveland, Ohio 
Which 1960's group sang a song inspired by 'Alice In Wonderland'?  The Jefferson Airplane 
Which 1980's Pink Floyd album was made into a film that starred Bob Geldof, and featured the artwork of cartoonist Gerald Scarfe?  The Wall 
Which actor played the role of Chewbacca in the Star Wars trilogy?  Peter Mayhew 
Which actor said,  Love means never having to say you're sorry ?  Ryan O'Neil 
Which actor won Oscars twice for 'best male performance' in the '90s?  Tom Hanks 
Which actress won the 2002 Academy Award for best actress in a leading role, for her part in the movie, 'Monster's Ball'?  Halle Berry 
Which Australian duo took 13 nominations and 10 wins at the ARIA awards?  Savage Garden 
Which band does Eddie Vedder with?  Pearl Jam 
Which band included rock greats Roy Orbison, Tom Petty, George Harrison, and Bob Dylan?  The Travelling Wilburys 
Which basketball star played a genie in 'Kazaam'?  Shaquille O'Neal 
Which beatle was the first to release a solo record?  Ringo Starr 
Which Beatle wrote The Octopus's song?  Ringo Starr 
Which brand of guitar is played by Jimmy Page, Slash, and Brian May?  Gibson Les Paul 
Which British group holds the record for the album to remain in the US Billboard charts for the longest time?  Pink Floyd 
Which british group recorded the 1983 hit 'Owner Of A Lonely Heart'?  Yes 
Which character in  Forrest Gump  loved shrimp?   Bubba 
Which character sang  Come Out, Come Out, Wherever You Are  in  The Wizard of Oz ?  Glinda 
Which character sang,  When you wish upon a star..  in Disney's  Pinocchio ?  Jiminy Cricket 
Which comedy duo did the famous,  Who's on first?  routine?   Abbott and Costello 
Which comic is drawn by Sam Keith?  The Maxx 
Which comic strip was banned from  Stars and Stripes ?  Beetle Bailey 
Which country and western singer is known as the 'okie from muskogee'?  Merle Haggard 
Which Elton John song was re-recorded as a requiem for Lady Diana Spencer?  Candle In The Wind 
Which famous male actor made his name in 'I Dream Of Jeannie'?  Larry Hagman 
Which film preceded 'Magnum Force' and 'The Enforcer'?  Dirty Harry 
Which films are about the Corleone family?  The Godfather films 
Which formber Beatle released the hit single  My Sweet Lord ?  George Harrison 
Which German duo have sold over 85 million records?  Modern Talking 
Which instruments is used to tune the orchestra?  Oboe 
Which large tuned orchestral drum is also known as a kettledrum?  Tympani 
Which magician did Lothar assist?  Mandrake 
Which movie is the highest grossing movie of all time?  Titanic 
Which native of Flint, Michigan, once advised us to  drive your Chevrolet through the USA ?  Pat Boone 
Which of Beethoven's symphonies was the legendary  Incomplete ?  The 9th Symphony 
Which of Paul Simon's musical characters was told to hop on the bus?  Gus 
Which planet was the  Planet of the Apes ?  Earth 
Which singer is a former school teacher?  Sheryl Crow 
Which singer/songwriter worked in a factory making toilets for airplanes before he recorded 'Aint No Sunshine'?  Bill Withers 
Which superhero loves peace enough to kill for it?  Peacemaker 
Which TV horse could talk?  Mr. Ed 
Which was the first 'Indiana Jones' film?  Raiders Of The Lost Ark 
White Room' was a hit off which Eric Clapton album?  Cream 
Who 'imagined' a better world?  John Lennon 
Who advised us to 'break on through to the other side'?  Jim Morrison (of The Doors) 
Who always tried to kill Krazy Kat?  Captain Marvel 
Who appeared in 'St. Elmo's Fire', 'The Scarlett Letter' and 'Striptease'?  Demi Moore 
Who appeared solo at the Woodstock festival after leaving 'The Lovin' Spoonful'?  John Sebastian 
Who are the lead singers of the band  Full Metal Racquets ?  John Mcenroe and Pat Cash 
Who began his career with 'The Yardbirds' and established himself as one of the best rock guitarists of his generation?  Eric Clapton 
Who began his professional career with Black Sabbath?  Ozzy Osbourne 
Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in  Mary Poppins ?  Dick Van Dyke 
Who collaborated with John Lennon on 'Whatever Gets You Through The Night'?  Elton John 
Who did a version of 'One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer' on his 1977 debut album?  George Thorogood 
Who did Charlie Becker play in 'The Wizard of Oz'?  The mayor of the munchkins 
Who did Larry Hagman portray in the TV series 'Dallas'?  J.R. Ewing 
Who did Pat Sajak play on the soapie 'Days Of Our Lives'?  Kevin Hathaway 
Who did Patrick Duffy portray in the TV series 'Dallas'?  Bobby Ewing 
Who did the music for the 1970's film 'Saturday Night Fever'?  Bee Gees 
Who did the voices of Bugs Bunny, Sylvester and Tweety Pie?  Mel Blanc 
Who did Vivian Vance play on 'The Lucy Show'?  Vivian Bagley 
Who directed 'The Shining'?  Stanley Kubrick 
Who directed  Jurassic Park III?   Joe Johnston 
Who directed citizen kane?  Orson Welles 
Who directed the classic thriller 'The Birds'?  Alfred Hitchcock 
Who directed the film 'Ordinary People'?  Robert Redford 
Who directed the film 'The Birds' from Daphne du Maurier?  Alfred Hitchcock 
Who directed the Movie 'Psycho' from Robert Bloch?  Alfred Hitchcock 
Who directed the movie  Blade Runner ?  Ridley Scott 
Who discovered gold on the Witwatersrand?  George Harrison 
Who does the voice for Yoda in the Star Wars films?  Frank Oz 
Who drew the comic 'The Maxx'?  Sam Keith 
Who founded 'Live Aid' and 'Band Aid'?  Bob Geldof & Midge Ure 
Who had, next to Samuel Jackson, a leading roll in 'Unbreakable'?  Bruce Willis 
Who hosted the 1997 Grammy Awards?  Ellen Degeneres 
Who invented James Bond ?  Ian Fleming 
Who invented the electrical bass?  Leo Fender 
Who invented the synthesiser ?  Bob Moog 
Who is Declan Patrick McManus better known as?  Elvis Costello 
Who is Donald Duck's uncle?  Scrooge 
Who is Gordon Sumner better known as?  Sting 
Who is James Bonds Recurring Foe?  Ernst Stavro Blofeld 
Who is lead guitarist for Guns'n'Roses?  Slash 
Who is married to Eddie Van Halen?  Valerie Bertanelli 
Who is married to Valerie Bertanelli?  Eddie Van Halen 
Who is Melanie Griffith's mother?  Tippi Hedren 
Who is Reginald Dwight known as?  Elton John 
Who is Robert van Winkle?  Vanilla Ice 
Who is Sally Brown's sweet baboo?  Linus 
Who is Scooby Doo's nephew??  Scrappy Doo 
Who is Snoopy's arch enemy?  The Red Baron 
Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips?  Beetle Bailey 
Who is Steveland Morris better known as?  Stevie Wonder 
Who is the autor of the song 'Blue Suede Shoes'?  Carl Perkins 
Who is the elder statesman of 'british blues', and fronted 'The Bluesbreakers'?  John Mayall 
Who is the fastest mouse in all of Mexico?  Speedy Gonzalez 
Who is the lead singer of 'The Doors'?  Jim Morrison 
Who is the lead singer of limp bizkit?  Fred Durst 
Who is the lead singer of the Rolling Stones?  Mick Jagger 
Who is the lead vocalist of U2?  Bono 
Who is the main character in 'Touched By An Angel'?  Monica 
Who is the male lead in the  Naked Gun  movies?   Leslie Nielsen 
Who is the only singer to have no.1 hits in the 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's?  Cliff Richard 
Who is the voice of Darth Vadar?  James Earl Jones 
Who is Tippi Hedren's daughter?  Melanie Griffith 
Who is Warren Beatty's sister?  Shirley MacLaine 
Who killed Kenny?  They 
Who married Mutt Lange?  Shania Twain 
Who married Shania Twain?  Robert  Mutt  Lange  
Who patrols Gotham City?  Batman and Robin 
Who play Captian Jean-Luc Picard in Star Trek the Next Generation?  Patrick Stewart 
Who played 'Johnny Mnemonic'?  Keanu Reeves 
Who played 'The Scorpion King' in the recent movie 'The Mummy Returns'?  Dwight Johnson 
Who played  Robin  to Val Kilmer's  Batman ?  Christopher O'Donnell 
Who played Bobby Ewing in the TV series 'Dallas'?  Patrick Duffy 
Who played Brad Pitt's cop partner in the movie  Seven ?  Morgan Freeman 
Who played Charlie in Charlies Angels?  John Forsythe 
Who played Clyde to Faye Dunaway's Bonnie?  Warren Beatty 
Who played commander Riker in 'Star Trek'?  Jonathan Frakes 
Who played Dorothy in  The Wizard of Oz ?  Judy Garland 
Who played Dr. Frankenfurter in the pop-culture film 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show?  Tim Curry 
Who played Dr. Kildare?  Richard Chamberlain 
Who played Eddie in the pop-culture film 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show?  Meat Loaf 
Who played Garth in  Wayne's World ?  Dana Carvey 
Who played George Costanza on 'Seinfeld'?  Jason Alexander 
Who played Hopalong Cassidy?  William Boyd 
Who played in the film 'Ragtime' after 20 years offscreen?  James Cagney 
Who played Kevin Hathaway on the soapie 'Days Of Our Lives'?  Pat Sajak 
Who played Louis in 'Interview With The Vampire'?  Brad Pitt 
Who played Matt Helm in the movies?  Dean Martin 
Who played Queen Amidala in the latest 'Star Wars' film?  Natalie Portman 
Who played Scarlette O'Hara in  Gone With the Wind ?  Vivien Leigh 
Who played Steve Erkel in 'Family Matters'?  Jaleel White 
Who played the 'Universal Soldier'?  Jean-Claude Van Damme 
Who played the Agent james Bond in the 1966 film 'Casino Royale'?  David Niven 
Who played the first James Bond?  Sean Connery 
Who played the lead in the movie  Braveheart ?  Mel Gibson 
Who played the lead in the movie  Castaway ?  Tom Hanks 
Who played the lead in the movie  Erin Brokovich ?  Julia Roberts 
Who played the lead in the movie  Mission Impossible ?  Tom Cruise 
Who played the lead in the movie  Snatch ?  Brad Pitt 
Who played the lead in the movie  The Mask ?  Jim Carrey 
Who played the lead in the movie  The Matrix ?  Keanu Reeves 
Who played the mayor of the munchkins in 'The Wizard of Oz'?  Charlie Becker 
Who played the murder victim in the original version of 'Psycho'?  Janet Leigh 
Who played the president of the U.S in 'Air Force One'?  Harrison Ford 
Who played the role of Richard Blaine in Casablanca?  Humphrey Bogart 
Who played the title role in the 'Mad Max' series of films?  Mel Gibson 
Who played the title role in the 1978 version of 'Superman'?  Christopher Reeve 
Who plays many voices, such as Dr Nick, and Moe on 'The Simpsons'?  Hank Azaria 
Who plays the character of the only escapee from Alcatraz in the movie  The Rock ?  Sean Connery 
Who plays the lead role in The Usual Suspects?  Kevin Spacey 
Who portrayed Han Solo in  Star Wars ?  Harrison Ford 
Who portrayed Moses in  The Ten Commandments ?  Charlton Heston 
Who produced 'Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band'?  George Martin 
Who produced, directed and starred in  Citizen Kane ?  Orson Welles 
Who recorded 'A Boy Named Sue'?  Johnny Cash 
Who recorded the 1957 hit  Tammy ?  Debby Reynolds 
Who recorded the 1969 hit  Space Oddity ?  David Bowie 
Who recorded the lengthy song:  In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida  in 1969?   Iron Butterfly 
Who released 'Time, Love and Tenderness' in 1981?  Michael Bolton 
Who released 'Tuesday Night Music Club' in 1993?  Sheryl Crow 
Who released a chart-busting album in 1976 which featured 'The Lido Shuffle'?  Boz Scaggs 
Who released the double album 'Goodbye Yellow Brick Road' in 1973?  Elton John 
Who runs Andy Capp's favorite pub?  Jack and Jill 
Who said 'you'd be surprised how much it costs to look this cheap'?  Dolly Parton 
Who sang 'All Right Now'?  Free 
Who sang 'Any Way You Want Me'?  Elvis Presley 
Who sang 'Bad Case Of Loving You'?  Robert Palmer 
Who sang 'Beat It'?  Michael Jackson 
Who sang 'Beauty and the Beast'?  Celine Dion 
Who sang 'Born In The USA'?  Bruce Springsteen 
Who sang 'Forever and Ever, Amen'?  Randy Travis 
Who sang 'Good Morning To You?  Mildred and Patty Hill 
Who sang 'I'm A Believer'?  Monkees 
Who sang 'In The Air Tonight'?  Phil Collins 
Who sang 'Islands In The Stream' with Dolly Parton?  Kenny Rogers 
Who sang 'Islands In The Stream' with Kenny Rogers?  Dolly Parton 
Who sang 'Jet Airliner'?  Steve Miller Band 
Who sang 'Mull of Kintyre'?  Wings 
Who sang 'Rescue Me'?  Fontella Bass 
Who sang 'That's Alright Mama'?  Elvis Presley 
Who sang 'We've only just begun'?  Carpenters 
Who sang 'You Can Call Me Al'?  Paul Simon 
Who sang about 'Commitment'?  Leann Rhimes 
Who sang about 'The Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy Of Company B'?  The Andrews Sisters 
Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones?  The Beatles 
Who sang for 'Bad company' and 'Free', then went out on his own?  Paul Rodgers 
Who sang Puff The Magic Dragon?  Peter, Paul and Mary 
Who sang the song  Pretty Woman?    Roy Orbison 
Who sang with 'The Dakotas'?  Billy J. Kramer 
Who shot Bruce Wayne's parents?  Chill 
Who sings 'Sweet Home Alabama'?  Lynyrd Skynyrd 
Who sings  Imitation Of Life ?  R.E.M. 
Who sings and plays the theme song for the TV show 'Frasier'?  Kelsey Grammer 
Who starred as 'ouboet' in the first TV series of 'Orkney Snork Nie'?  Frank Opperman 
Who starred in 'Conan The Barbarian'?  Arnold Schwarzenegger 
Who starred in the 1952 film 'Niagara'?  Marilyn Monroe 
Who starred in the film 'The Man With Two Brains'?  Steve Martin 
Who starred in the film version of 'To Kill A Mockingbird'?  Gregory Peck 
Who starred with John Travolta in the movie  Broken Arrow ?  Christian Slater 
Who took dictation from Perry Mason?  Della Street 
Who wanted 'a lover with a slow hand'?  The Pointer Sisters 
Who wanted 'a new drug'?  Huey Lewis and The News 
Who was 'hooked on a feeling'?  Blue Suede 
Who was a member of 'Crosby, Stills and Nash' and 'The Hollies'?  Graham Nash 
Who was always trying to get rent from Andy Capp?  Percy 
Who was Barney Rubble's best friend?  Fred Flintstone 
Who was born on Krypton?  Superman 
Who was C3PO's sidekick in  Star Wars ?  R2D2 
Who was Carl in Five Easy Pieces before going to Walton's Mountain?  Waite 
Who was Chief Marshall of the Mickey Mouse Club?  Walt Disney 
Who was Dick Dastardly's pet?  Muttley 
Who was Dr. Zhivago's great love?  Lara 
Who was Fred Flinstone's best friend?  Barney Rubble 
Who was John Wayne's musical co-star in true grit?  Glen Campbell 
Who was Lauren Bacall's first husband?  Humphrey Bogart 
Who was Miss Hungary in 1936?  Zsa-Zsa Gabor 
Who was the alter ego of 'The Incredible Hulk'?  Dr. David Banner 
Who was the black assistant of Mandrake the Magician?  Lothar 
Who was the Cisco Kid's faithful sidekick?  Pancho 
Who was the director of 'Terminator' and 'Titanic'?  James Cameron 
Who was the first female to enter the Billboard charts in 1985?  Whitney Houston 
Who was the first James Bond?  Sean Connery 
Who was the first singer in Genesis?  Peter Gabriel 
Who was the first voice of Mickey Mouse?  Walt Disney 
Who was the frontman of Nirvana?  Kurt Cobain 
Who was the Hulk's first friend?  Rick Jones 
Who was the Indian maiden in Johnny Preston's 'Running Bear'?  Little White Dove 
Who was the oldest member of The Beatles?  Ringo Starr 
Who was the only songwriter to win the Eurovision Song Contest twice?  Johnny Logan 
Who was the original voice of Mickey Mouse?  Walt Disney 
Who was the sexy star of Barberella?  Jane Fonda 
Who was the villain in 'Star Wars'?  Darth Vader 
Who were Lucy and Ricky's next door neighbours and best friends?  Fred and Ethel 
Who were the 2 lead characters in the movie Life?  Eddie Murphy and Martin Lawrence 
Who were the rivals of the T-Birds in the movie  Grease ?  Scorpions 
Who wrote 'Roll Over Beethoven'?  Chuck Berry 
Who wrote and preformed the soundtrack for Live and let die?  Paul McCartney and Wings 
Who wrote the Nutcracker Suite ?  Tchaikovsky 
Who wrote the opera 'norma'?  Vincenzo Bellini 
Who wrote the opera 'The Giant'?  Sergei Prokofiev 
Who wrote the opera 'The Masked Ball'?  Giuseppe Verdi 
Who wrote the opera 'Tosca'?  Giacomo Puccini 
Who wrote the oprea 'La Traviata'?  Guiseppe Verdi 
Who wrote the song 'Do They Know It's Christmas' with Bob Geldof?  Midge Ure 
Who wrote the song 'Do They Know It's Christmas' with Midge Ure?  Bob Geldof 
Who wrote Tubular Bells?  Mike Oldfield 
Who's first release was 'Talking Heads 77'?  Psycho Killer 
Whose films include 'Giant', 'Written On The Wind' and 'A Farewell To Arms'?  Rock Hudson 
Whose theme song was Back In The Saddle Again?  Gene Autry's 
With which period in music do we associate composers such as Beethoven, Mozart and Haydn?  Classical period 
With which period in music do we associate composers such as Tchaikovsky, Mendelssohn, and Chopin?  Romantic period 
With which period in music do we associate with composers such as Bach, Handel and Vivaldi?  Baroque Period 