 At which stage of a meal would you have an hors d'oeuvre? Beginning 
   Is a schnitzel a sweet or a savoury? Savoury 
   What colour is creme de menthe? Green 
   What colour is the flesh of an avocado? Green 
   What is the main ingredient of a traditional fondue? Cheese 
   What type of drink is Perrier? Mineral water 
   What type of food is pitta (pita)? Bread 
   Which red jelly is a traditional accompaniment to lamb? Redcurrant 
  A black Russian cocktail is made with one part coffee liqueur and two parts of which spirit? Vodka  
  A Calzone Is A Folded Stuffed What? Pizza  
  A cluster or bunch of bananas is called a ? Hand 
  A Cocktail Known As TNT Comprises Of Tequila, Neapolitan Brandy, But What Does The Second T Stand For? Tia Maria  
  A great companion to Stilton Cheese, which drink comes in Ruby, Tawny and Vintage varieties? Port  
  A green gelatinous substance known as calipee is used to make which favorite amongst gastronomes ? Turtle soup. Calipee is found beneath the lower shell of the Green Turtle.  
  A Linzer torte, named after an Austrian town has a ground nut pastry base spread with Jam. What type of topping does it have? Criss Cross pastry strips  
  A tayberry is a cross between which two fruits? Blackberry and raspberry 
  A.K.A juniper juice? Gin 
  According to Harry Belafonte, what kind of water is 'good for your daughter' ? Coconut water  
  According to Ken Dodd what are mined in Knotty Ash? Jam Butties  
  According to some, 'Dutch courage' in battle came from the over consumption of what ? Gin (Genever is Dutch for juniper)  
  According to the TV Ad, which beer is said to be 'Good for you'? Guiness  
  After 1066 the French introduced such joys as cidre to England with 'staggering' success. If pears replaced apples in the process, what was it called ? (Clue, if needed, a famous lawyer.) Perry  
  Agar-agar is often used in cooking. What is it? A type of gelatine  
  An American frying pan is called what? A skillet  
  Apparently resembling a marine creature, which morsel of meat found in a fowl's back is reckoned by some to be the tastiest? Oyster  
  Baked Alaska has meringue on the outside , what does the meringue cover? Ice cream  
  Blanket And Honeycomb Are Both Varieties Of Which Food Stuff? Tripe  
  Bruschetta is what? Fried or toasted bread  
  By What is the seasoned jellied loaf made from the head of a pig generally known? Brawn  
  By what name is the love apple better known? Tomato  
  By which name are English Truffles known? Pignuts  
  Chablis comes from which French wine region? Burgundy  
  Chives are a member of which family of vegetables? Onion  
  Complete the classic advertising slogan 'Good Old Bertie Bassett_____'? He's Britain's Greatest Asset  
  Coquille St Jaques is a fancy name for what? Scallops  
  Creme de Menthe and brandy make which cocktail? A Stinger  
  Devils on horseback are prunes stuffed with almonds and wrapped in what? Bacon  
  During the reign of Charles the II, what 'black enemy of sleep and copulation' was called a magnet for political dissent by the King and was condemned as a den of dalliance by Puritans? Coffee houses  
  Eggwash is generally used for what purpose? Glazing breads and pastries  
  Ethanoic (or acetic) acid is the major constituent of which everyday condiment? Vinegar 
  For what was licourice used in ancient Egypt? Medicine  
  For Which beer is Rutland famous? Ruddles  
  Fred The Flour Grader Was The Trademark Of Which Company? Home Pride  
  From what animal do we get venison? Deer 
  From what country does Advocaat originate? Holland  
  From what country does Sangria originate? Spain  
  From what German region do Hock wines come? The Rhine  
  From what is American Bourbon distilled? Corn mash and malted barley  
  From what is mead made? Honey  
  From what is the liqueur kirsch made? Cherries 
  From what is the Mexican dish huevos rancheros made? Baked Eggs  
  From which country does the 'lassi' originate? India 
  From which country does the dish paella originate? Spain  
  From Which Country Does The Drink Tequila Originate? Mexico  
  From which fish do we get caviar? Sturgeon  
  From which fish does Caviar come? Sturgeon  
  From which flower does the expensive spice of saffron come from ? Crocus  
  From Which Fruit Is Grenadine Obtained? Pomegranate  
  From which fruit is the liqueur Kirsh made? Cherry 
  From which plant is tequila derived? Cactus 
  Gazpacho is a type of what? Soup  
  Generally speaking, on a restaurant menu, what might be presented in the style referred to as Macedoine? Vegetables or Fruit  
  German dish of chopped cabbage? Sauerkraut  
  Gnocchi is a food from Italy. What is it? Small dumplings made of potato, flour or semolina  
  Good Rhine wines are bottled in what colour bottles? Brown 
  Greek Feta cheese is made from the milk of which animal? Ewe  
  Harrissa is what in cooking? A spicy paste  
  How big is a Jeroboam compared to a normal size bottle? 4 Times  
  How do you prevent a black rim forming round the yolk of a boiled egg? Plunge into cold water after boiling 
  How is a drink served when it is described as Frappe? With finely crushed ice  
  How is a herring turned into a kipper? Soaked (in brine) & smoked (over an oak fire)  
  How is steak cooked if cooked blue? Very Rare  
  How is steak tartare cooked? It is served raw  
  How many bottles of `champagne' are there in a Nebuchadnezzar? 20 Bottles  
  How many bottles of champagne are in a magnum? Two  
  How many bottles of Champagne are there in a Magnum? Two Bottles  
  How many gallons are there in a firkin? Nine  
  How many gallons of beer are there in a firkin? Nine  
  How many herbs and spices are used in Kentucky Fried Chicken? Eleven 
  How Many Legs Does A Bombay Duck Have? None Its A Fish!!  
  How many noggins in a pint? 4  
  How many people in the world are classified as chronically undernourished ? 800 million  
  How many pieces of bun are in a Mcdonald's Big Mac? Three 
  How many teaspoons in a tablespoon (UK) ? 3  
  How or when can one eat angel hair or bridegrooms? When eating pasta  
  I belong to the same family as the potato, and more of me are canned than any other fruit or vegetable. What am I? Tomato  
  If a dish is served `au gratin' what does it have on it? Cheese  
  If food is `au naturel', what does this mean? Plainly cooked or uncooked  
  If I'm mixing you a drink using ginger ale, grenadine and a cherry, what am I making? Shirley Temple  
  If you ordered a dish of Mountain Oysters or Cape Cod Turkey what would you receive? Sheep's testicles  
  If you ordered Cherries Jubilee, how would you expect them to be cooked? Flambeed (in kirsch)  
  If you saw broiled food on an American menu, how would it be cooked? Grilled  
  If you wanted to buy liver sausage in the US, what product name should you look for? Liverwurst  
  If you wanted your eggs fried without cooking the yolks, how should you order them in? Sunny side up  
  If you were eating aloo in an Indian restaurant what would you be eating? Potato  
  If you were eating escargots in a French restaurant what would you be eating? Snails  
  If you were served crudit?s as a starter before your main meal what would you be eating? Sliced or shredded raw vegetables 
  If you were served crudit?s as a starter before your main meal, what would you be eating? Raw Vegetables  
  In 1981 Which Producer Of The Bond Movies Received The Irving G Thalberg Memorial Award? Cubby Broccoli  
  In 1989 in which brand of confectionary did blue replace brown? Smarties  
  In 1999, which American retail giant announced that it was buying the Asda food retail chain? Wal-Mart  
  In An American Restaurant What Are Home Fries? Potatoes Cooked In Bacon Fat  
  In Australia, what are a 'middy' and a 'schooner'? Glasses of beer  
  In French cookery, What is the earthenware dish in Which pat? is served? Terrine  
  In Greek Mythology, what was the food of the Gods? Ambrosia  
  In Indian cuisine what is ghee? Clarified butter  
  In Italy, if you were served pesce martello, what would you be about to eat? Shark  
  In Monty Pythons The Meaning Of Life What was Mr. Creosote's very last course? A wafer thin mint  
  In Shakespear's Hamlet, which herb is said to be 'for rememberance' ? Rosemary  
  In the Arab world, to eat or share what with someone is an expression for hospitality ? Salt  
  In the drink Gin and 'It' - what's 'It'? Italian Vermouth  
  In the year 2000, what was the most popular sweet brand in the UK - Rowntree Fruit Pastilles, Starburst or Polo Mints? Polo Mints  
  In What Decade Did Sliced Bread First Appear? 1930's  
  In what US state are 75% of world's pineapples grown? Hawaii  
  In which century were bananas first sold in London? 17th  
  In which city is the Coleman's Mustard Museum? Norwich  
  In Which City Was Chop Suey Invented? San Francisco  
  In which countries would you find the following city 'Cayenne'? French Guyana  
  In which countries would you find the following city 'Gin Gin '? Australia  
  In which countries would you find the following city 'Tabasco'? Mexico  
  In which countries would you find the following city 'Whiskeytown'? USA  
  In which country did chocolate originate? Mexico  
  In which country did edam cheese originate? Holland 
  In which country did Scampi Originate? Italy  
  In Which Country Did The Cheese Emmanthal Originate Was It France, Switzerland, Denmark Or Belgium? Switzerland  
  In which country did the word 'biscuit' originate? France 
  In which country do red onions originate? Italy  
  In which country is the wine making area of Stellenbosch? South Africa  
  In which country was ice cream invented? China  
  In which country would you expect to be served a yoghurt-based starter called 'tzatziki'? Greece  
  In which dishes is sticky rice used? Sushi  
  In which English county is Brie made? Somerset  
  In which month does beaujolais nouveau arrive? November  
  In which order do you drink lemon, salt & tequila? Salt, Tequila, Lemon  
  In which South American country is the city of fray Bentos? Uruguay  
  In which US state did chilli con carne originate? Texas  
  Individual bananas are called ? Fingers 
  Ireland, the UK and Turkey rank first, second and third in the world in the consumption of what? Tea  
  Is Amontillado a sweet, medium or medium-dry sherry? Medium Dry  
  Is wholemeal bread brown or white? Brown 
  Isabella Mayson is the famous author of a Cookery Book. How is she better known? Mrs Beeton  
  Italian egg-shaped tomatoes are named after which fruit? Plum  
  Kale is a variety of which winter vegetable? Cabbage  
  Lack of Vitamin D causes which disease? Rickets 
  Laetrile is associated with the pit of which fruit? Apricot 
  Mind your p's and q's' was a phrase meant to watch how much you had to drink, but what did the letters 'p' and 'q' stand for? Pints And Quarts  
  Name the dessert named after a Derbyshire town? Bakewell tart  
  Name the two dishes named after an opera singer? Peach Melba, Melba Toast  
  Naughtiness Drug' is an anagram of which drink? Draught Guinness  
  Not to be confused with spatchcock, which creature might be split and grilled or fried in a manner known as spitchcock? Eel  
  Of what is bonito a variety? Tuna  
  Of which vegetable are Globe and Jerusalem varieties? Artichoke  
  Often eaten for breakfast, bacon is actually the flesh of what barnyard animal? Pig 
  Often eaten for breakfast, the egg comes from what barnyard animal? Chicken 
  Often Used In The Production Of Spirits, What Is The Fruit Of The Blackthorn Tree Called? A Sloe  
  On the dessert menu what is the name given to a mixture of Fresh or dried fruit in syrup? Comp?te  
  Once upon a time, the consumption of foods made with what, often caused ergot poisoning (Holy fire or St. Anthony's fire), resulting in progressive gangrene and/or mental derangement ? Three letters Rye  
  Once very popular in Europe, which leafy weed was later called pig weed because it was said to be only suitable for pigs and Frenchmen ? Portulaca, Purslane or Pusley  
  Petit Fours means literally 'little ovens'. What are they? Small french cakes or biscuits  
  Plashing' is a term used to describe the collecting or gathering of what kind of nuts? Walnuts  
  Poppin Fresh' Serves As The Mascot For Which International Food Brand? Pillsbury Dough Co  
  Popular in the Netherlands, what type of food is a frikandel? A Sausage  
  Popularised in the USA, Australia and New Zealand, which thick drink is made with fresh fruit pur?ed with milk, yoghurt, or ice cream? Smoothie  
  Poteen is a distilled spirit made in the West of Ireland. What is it made from? Potatoes  
  Rickets is caused by a lack of which vitamin? Vitamin D 
  Rioja comes from which country? Spain  
  Roast turkey: does white/dark meat have most calories? Dark  
  Savoy And Late Flat Dutch Are Both Varieties Of Which Vegetable? Cabbage  
  Singapore banned which popular western foodstuff because of litter implicatons? Chewing Guim  
  Six ounces of orange juice contains the minimum daily requirement for which vitamin? Vitamin C 
  Sorbitol dulcitol and xylitol are forms of what?) Sugars (artificial sweeteners)  
  Tequila is made from an extract of which species of cactus? Agave 
  The 18th amendment to the Constitution was introduced in 1919, repealed in 1933 and is the only one to have been repealed, what did it relate to? Prohibition of alcohol  
  The Berries Of The Juniper Tree Are Used To Flavour Which Alcoholic Drink? Gin  
  The Commercial distribution of which meat was banned by law in Germany in 1986? Dog meat - (allowed since 1941)  
  The dessert Pavlova is made from fresh fruit, cream and which other ingredient? Meringue  
  The French call it Sabayon, what do the Italians call it? Zabaglione  
  The hot dog was originally imported to the US from which city? Frankfurt  
  The lack of what vitamin causes beriberi (numbness in the hands and feet)? B1 
  The Term 'Dutch Courage' Usually Comes From The Consumption Of Which Spirit? Gin  
  The top fast food chain in the USA by revenue in 1995 was McDonalds. Which was second? Kentucky Fried Chicken  
  The Turkish dish of small pieces of meat and vegetables cooked on a skewer? Shish Kebab  
  There are only two perennial vegetables. Rhubarb & What? Asparagus  
  To make Drambuie, you add some honey to what type of whiskey? Scotch 
  Traditionally what type of meat is used to make a mousakka? Lamb  
  Umbles can be made into a pie and gave rise to the expression 'to eat (h)umble pie'. What are umbles? Edible entrails  
  Unlike other oranges, what does a navel orange not have? Seeds 
  What alcoholic beverage is produced by the Solera method? Sherry  
  What alcoholic drink is distilled from pears? Perry  
  What are bigoli, farfalle, rigati and pansotti? Pasta Shapes  
  What are Pershore eggs and Marjorie's seedlings? Plums  
  What are sometimes called Chinese Gooseberries?' Kiwi Fruit  
  What are the essential ingredients of a daiquiri? Rum and lemon 
  What are the ingredients in the most famous trick pie? (in English literature) 4 and 20 black birds. (Sing a song of 6 pence)  
  What are the ingredients of the cocktail Cuba Libre? Rum And Coke  
  What are the main ingredients of a Horse's Neck? Brandy & Ginger  
  What are the two main ingredients of a Hollandaise sauce? Egg yolks and butter  
  What are the two main ingredients of cock-a-leekie soup? Boiling fowl and leeks.  
  What Are You Doing If You Are Shucking An Oyster? Opening It  
  What B Is A Mexican Dish That Translates Into English As Little Donkey? Burrito  
  What beer was promoted with the line: 'Probably the best lager in the world'? Carlsberg  
  What berries give gin its flavour? Juniper berries 
  What breakfast cereal was invented at Battle Creek Sanitarium? Cornflakes 
  What can be six litres of Champagne or the oldest person mentioned in the Bible? Metuselah  
  What can you do after eating a garlic doused Indian meal in order to prevent your breath smelling of garlic the day after? Drink a Lassie (yoghurt drink) to coat your throat  
  What causes baker's itch? Yeast  
  What cocktail is based on rum and lemon? Daiquiri 
  What cocktail: Vodka, Galliano and Orange Juice? Harvey Wallbanger  
  What colour is caffine? White 
  What colour is chablis? White  
  What colour is pistachio nut, often used in ice cream and confectionery? Light Green  
  What colour top do bottles of unpasteurized milk have? Green  
  What cooking term is given to a garnish of spinach? Florentine  
  What country is the home of the relish called chutney? A=Korea, B= China, C= India, D= Japan C=India  
  What country is the largest consumer of beer per head? Germany  
  What country produces Wiibroe beer? Denmark  
  What crop is attacked by the Colorado beatle? Potato  
  What delicacy comes from fattened livers of geese? Pate de Foie Gras  
  What delicatessen dish is highly seasoned beef prepared from a shoulder cut called? Pastrami  
  What did Charles Jung invent? Fortune cookies 
  What did Martin Stone invent in 1888 that millions of suckers use every day? The Drinking Straw  
  What did Queen Elizabeth I, most Popes and Adolf Hitler all insist on having at their dinner table ? Taster  
  What do American's call an Aubergine? Eggplant  
  What do Americans call what the British call an iced-lolly? Popsicle  
  What Do The Initials U.H.T Refer To In Relation To Milk? Ultra Heat Treated  
  What do the letters VOSP on a brandy bottle stand for? Very Special Old Pale 
  What do you get when you add fresh fruit to red wine? Sangria 
  What does 'Marbling'' refer to? Flecks of fat in meat  
  What does iron deficiency cause? Anaemia 
  What does it mean about the taste if a wine is described as 'brut'? Very Dry  
  What does the abbreviation A.B.V. Stand for in alcoholic drinks? Alcohol By Volume  
  What does the brut indicate on a bottle of champagne? Very Dry  
  What does the HP stand for in HP sauce? Houses Of Parliament  
  What Does The Name Of The Veal Dish 'Saltimbocca' Mean? Literally 'Jump In The Mouth' In Italian  
  What does the phrase al dente mean? Pasta cooked firm  
  What Does The Term 'A La Carte' Actually Mean? From The Menu  
  What drink comprises Rum, Coconut Milk and Pineapple? Pina Collada  
  What drink did Dom Perignon invent? Champagne  
  What drink is a mixture of brandy, egg yolks & vanilla? Advocaat  
  What drink is named after the queen of England who was famous for her 'sanguinary' persecution of the protestants? Bloody Mary 
  What drink was invented by John Pemberton in 1886? Coca Cola  
  What equivalent English course is antipasto? Starters or Hors D'Oeuvres  
  What famous product did cerebos manufacture? Cooking salt  
  What flavour is the drink Kahlua? Coffee  
  What Food Do You Use Up More Calories Eating Than You Gain Through Consumption? Celery  
  What food has a name that means twice cooked? Biscuit  
  What fruit contains the most calories? The Avocado Pear  
  What fruits are usually served 'belle helene'? Pears 
  What gives pasta its green colour? Spinach  
  What herb is used most often in garnishes? Parsley  
  What ingredient is added to wine to make port? Brandy  
  What ingredient is used to flavour Amaretto liqueurs and biscuits? Almond  
  What is a `Blenheim Orange'? Eating Apple  
  What is a `kiwano', a spiky orange fruit, a fish dish, or a cocktail? A spiky orange fruit.  
  What is a `rosti'? A pancake of fried grated potatoes 
  What is a cross between a blackberry and a raspberry? Tayberry 
  What is a lift for food in a restaurant known as? A dumb waiter  
  What is a segment of garlic called? Clove  
  What is a sorbet? A Water Ice  
  What is a vitamin D deficiency called ? Seven letters, fifth letter is an 'E' Rickets  
  What is added to Whisky to make is Whisky Mac? Giner Wine  
  What is another name for the carambula? Star fruit 
  What is Armagnac? A dry, brown, brandy  
  What is beeswing? Film that forms on the side of a bottle of port  
  What is bottled in Jeroboams? Champagne  
  What is bouillon? A Type Of Soup  
  What is Britain's top selling fruit flavoured soup? Tomato  
  What is ciabatta? Italian bread  
  What is common name for the fruit Citrus Grandis? Grapefruit  
  What is compote? Fruit preserved or stewed in syrup 
  What is France's oldest type of brandy? Armagnac  
  What is gazpacho? Cold Soup  
  What is it called when fat and juices from the roasting tin are spooned over meat while it is cooking? Basting  
  What is Japanese \"sake\" made from? Rice 
  What is Laver Bread made from? Seaweed  
  What is laver? Seaweed  
  What is made at St James's Gate in Dublin? Guiness  
  What is made of fermented grape juice? Wine 
  What is meant by deglazing? Adding alchohol or stock to pan juices  
  What is pumpernickel? German Black Bread  
  What is sauerkraut? A German dish of pickled cabbage 
  What is severe Vitamin C deficiency called? Scurvy  
  What Is Sold At Billingsgate Market In London? Fish  
  What is taramasalata made from? Smoked cod's roe  
  What is the animal product used in the making of the Italian dessert 'cassata'? Egg white 
  What is the basic ingredient of the Indonesian dish Nasi Goreng? Rice  
  What is the brewery featured in Coronation Street? Newton and Ridley  
  What is the chief food for half the people in the world? Rice  
  What is the cocktail called, that consists of four parts of tequila to two parts of lemon or limejuice? Margarita  
  What is the common name for goobers, pindars, groundnuts, or grass nuts? Peanuts  
  What Is The Country Of Origin Of Red Stripe Lager? Jamaica  
  What is the flavour of the Greek drink 'ouzo'? Aniseed  
  What is the flavour of the liqueur Kahlua? Coffee  
  What is the French name of the pate made from goose or duck liver? Pate de Foie Gras  
  What is the French word for a cake shop? Patisserie  
  What is the fruit flavour of a traditional crepe suzette? Orange  
  What is the fruit flavour of Cointreau? Orange  
  What is the full name of the flavour enhancer MSG? Monosodium glutamate 
  What is the head waiter at a French restaurant called? Maitre d' or maitre d' hotel  
  What Is The Italian Name For Squid In A Restaurant? Calamari  
  What is the main constituent of Guacamole? Avocado  
  What is the main flavour in the following alcohol 'Amaretto' ? Almond  
  What is the main flavour in the following alcohols 'Cassis'? Blackcurrant  
  What is the main flavour in the following alcohols 'Cointreau' ? Orange  
  What is the main flavour in the following alcohols 'Curacao' ? Orange  
  What is the main flavour in the following alcohols 'Sambuca' ? Elderberry / aniseed  
  What Is The Main Ingrediant Of Guacamole? Avacados  
  What is the main ingredient in the soup Borscht? Beetroot 
  What is the main ingredient of Paella? Rice  
  What is the main ingredient of Sauerkraut? Cabbage  
  What is the main ingredient of Tapanade? Olives  
  What is the main ingredient of the Korean Soup Bosintang? Dog  
  What Is The Main Ingredient Of The Spanish Dish Paella? Aniseed  
  What is the main vegetable ingredient of moussaka? Aubergines  
  What is the minimum age for a three star brandy - is it three, five or ten years? 5 Years  
  What is the minimum age for scotch whisky before it can be sold in the uk? 3 Years  
  What is the most common pub name in Great Britain? The Red Lion  
  What is the most widely eaten meat in the world? Pork  
  What is the most widely used seasoning? Salt 
  What is the name for the liquid butter used in Indian cooking? Ghee  
  What is the name given to the dish of fruit stewed or preserved in syrup? Compote  
  What Is The Name Given To The Flat Indian Bread Resembling A Pancake? Chapati  
  What is the name given to the watery part of milk left after making cheese? Whey 
  What is the name of a small barrel of beer of nine gallons capacity? A firkin  
  What is the name of cold Spanish soup made from peppers and tomatoes? Gazpacho  
  What is the name of the apple based liqueur from Normandy? Calvados  
  What is the name of the fruit sauce which is a traditional accompaniment to the Christmas Turkey? Cranberry  
  What is the name of the irish whiskey illicitly made from barley? Poteen  
  What is the name of the liquid butter made from cow or buffalo milk which is used in Eastern Countries? Ghee  
  What is the name of the Scandinavian alcoholic drink made from Potatoes? Aquavit  
  What is the name of the syrup drained from raw sugar? Molasses 
  What is the name of the traditional english dish made from pork trimmings and pig's head? Brawn  
  What is the name of the turkish dish of vine leaves filled with rice, chopped meat and onions? Dolmas/ Dolmades  
  What is the name of the two-coloured oblong cake covered in almond paste? Battenburg  
  What is the other ingredient in a pink gin? Angostora Bitters  
  What is the other name for a ground nut or a peanut? Monkey Nut  
  What is the salted roe of a sturgeon called? Caviar  
  What is the smell given off by wine called? The Boquet  
  What Is The Swedish Name For A Hot Or Cold Food Served As A Buffet? Smorgasbord  
  What is the Swedish name for hot or cold dishes served as a buffet? Smorgasboard  
  What is the UK's best selling chocolate bar? Kit Kat  
  What is the world's best selling wine? Lambrusco  
  What Is The World's Best-Selling Chocolate Bar? Kit Kat  
  What Kind Of Fruit Is A Canteloupe? Melon  
  What kind of nuts are used in marzipan? Almonds 
  What name is given to a clear soup with thin strips of vegetables? Julienne  
  What name is given to a cockerel that is castrated and fattened for the table? Capon  
  What name is given to a savoury of oysters wrapped in bacon slices, served on toast? Angels on hoseback  
  What name is given to rough cider distilled from withered apples? Scrumpy  
  What name is given to the aniseed flavoured spirit drunk in Turkey? Raki  
  What name is given to the deep south stew or soup thickened with Okra? Gumbo  
  What name is given to the Japanese dish in which fish, shellfish, or vegetables are fried in batter? Tempura  
  What name is given to the red wines from the Bordeaux region? Claret  
  What name is given to the unripe, ground or whole berries of Piper nigrum? Black Pepper  
  What name was given to the light, clear wine developed in medieval times along the coastal valleys of the Gironde river in the Bordeaux region? Claret  
  What nationality is the lager giant 'Grolsch'? Dutch  
  What Nationality Is The Lager Giant Grolsch? Dutch  
  What nationality is the lager producer, `grolsch'? Dutch  
  What nut is used to make marzipan? Almond 
  What On A Bottle Of Wine, Is The Punt? The Dent On The Base  
  What P word is the name given to a German Black Rye Bread? Pumpernickel  
  What part of a wine bottle is the punt? The indentation in the base  
  What shape is macaroni? Tubular  
  What soft drink is advertised with the slogan, What's the worst that could happen? Dr Pepper  
  What sort of cheese would you sprinkle on spaghetti? Parmesan  
  What sort of fish is a kipper? Herring  
  What spirit is added to brandy to make a sidecar? Cointreau or Triple Sec 
  What spirit is used in fortifying red wine to create port? Port  
  What term is used in cooking to describe food that has been cooked so that it is still firm to the bite? Al Dente  
  What the V.O. in Seagrams V.O. stands for? Very old 
  What three main ingredients are added to mayonnaise to make a Waldorf salad? Apple, celery and walnuts  
  What TV sitcom about Liverpool family life did Carla Lane write? Bread  
  What two fruits grow on palm trees? Coconuts and dates  
  What Type Of Cheese Was Traditionally Made From Buffaloes Milk? Mozzarella  
  What Type Of Drink Lended Itself To The Title Of A Number One Single For All Saints? Black Coffee  
  What type of fish is in an omelette Arnold Bennett? Smoked haddock  
  What type of food is a bloomer? Bread  
  What type of food is associated with 4th July celebrations, is it a curry, a Roast Turkey, a picnic, or a BBQ? Picnic or BBQ  
  What type of food is Dorset Blue Vinney? Cheese  
  What Type Of Food Is Pepperoni? Spiced Sausage  
  What type of food is Port Salut? A Cheese  
  What type of fruit is a damson? Plum  
  What type of meat is used in the preparation of Osso Bucco? Veal  
  What Type Of Meat Usually Goes Into Frankenfurters? Pork  
  What type of milk is a basic ingredient of Thai cookery? Coconut milk  
  What type of pastry is used for profiteroles? Choux  
  What type of pastry would be used for a jam roly poly? Suet  
  What type of pulses are used in humous? Chick Peas  
  What type of sweets was American President Ronald Reagan known for having on his desk? Jelly-beans  
  What vegetable did Mark Twain describe as 'Cabbage with a college education'? Cauliflower  
  What vegetable is known a zucchini in the USA? Courgette  
  What was Bretts last supper in the film Pulp Fiction ? (food and beverage) A Big Kahuna (cheese)burger and Sprite  
  What was discovered by the McDougall Brothers in 1864 after an experiment with phosphatic yeast? Self-Raising Flour  
  What was taken ver by Ray Kroc in 1954? McDonald's  
  What was the first ever chocolate bar produced by the Mars Company? Milky Way  
  What was the first name of Senor Cardini, the Mexican restaurateur who created a classic salad in 1924? Caesar  
  What was the name of the highly diluted rum that was once given to British sailors? Grog  
  What Was The Original Name For The Sweets Now Known As Starbursts? Opal Fruits  
  What was the weekly butter ration during the second world war? Four ounces  
  What were the two major crops used by the Aztecs ? Maize (corn) and Amaranth  
  What words do SPAM take its name from? Shoulder Pork And Ham  
  What would you buy from a Bodega? Wine  
  What, on a bottle of wine, is the punt? The dent on the base  
  When It Comes To Food & Drink What Does The Scorville Scale Measure? The Hotness Of Chillies  
  Where is most of the vitamin C in fruits? Skin 
  Where is Scotland's largest malt whisky distillery? Tomatin  
  Where is the best brandy bottled? Cognac 
  Where is the oldest distillery in the world? The Old Bushmills, Cty Antrim  
  Where was Budweiser first brewed? St. Louis 
  Where were Cornflakes invented? Battle Creek Sanitarium 
  Where were fortune cookies invented? United States 
  Where were the first European coffee houses opened? Vienna  
  Which alcoholic beverage is advertised on TV by Tom the Dancing Cat? Bacardi Breezer  
  Which alcoholic drink is named after a Welsh Pirate? Captain Morgan  
  Which Alcoholic drink is the main ingredient of the cocktail 'Zombie'? Rum  
  Which alcoholic drink would you need to make the cocktail Tom Collins? Vodka, Whiskey or Gin? Gin  
  Which Australian Opera Singer had a dessert and a kind of bread named after her? Nellie Melba ( Peach Melba, Melba Toast )  
  Which bean is used to produce a tin of baked beans? Haricot  
  Which brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink regularly? Duff  
  Which brewery brews a beer called Old Peculiar? Theakstons  
  Which brewery makes 'Abbot Ale'? Greene King  
  Which cake is traditionally eaten on 5th november to commemorate guy fawkes? Parkin  
  Which cereal is the only one grown standing in water? Rice  
  Which chicken dish is named after a battle in the Napoleonic wars? Chicken Marengo  
  Which citrus fruit, possibly a combination of sweet lime and sour orange, grows predominantly in Italy and is used in Earl Grey tea and eau de Cologne ? Bergamot  
  Which cocktail consists of Tia Maria, vodka and coke? A Black Russian  
  Which cocktail would you find in a toolbox? Screwdriver  
  Which contains more caffeine - coffee beans or tea leaves? Tea Leaves  
  Which cooking term is used to describe vegetables cut into very thin strips and cooked slowly in butter? Julienne  
  Which cooking term stems from the French word for coal ? Braise  
  Which country consumes more Coca Cola per head than anywhere else in the world? Iceland  
  Which country house in the south of England gives its name to a summer drink of claret, soda, and sugar? Badminton  
  Which country is the ancient home of chocolate? Mexico  
  Which country produces the wine Vinho Verdi? Portugal  
  Which country would you associate with the dish Couscous? Tunisia  
  Which Dessert Has A Custard Base And A Burnt Caramelised Top? Cr?me Brulee  
  Which dessert was created in honour of a famous ballet dancer? Pavlova  
  Which dish contains offal and oatmeal, and is traditionally boiled in a bag made from the stomach of an animal? Haggis  
  Which drink do you associate with Holy Island in Northumberland? Lindisfarne Mead  
  Which drink is named after the Duke of Beaufort's seat and is a long, refreshing drink of claret with soda water and sugar? Badminton Cup  
  Which drink is served in a Schooner? Sherry  
  Which drink is sometimes referred to as Adam's ale? Water  
  Which drink made of hot milk curdled with ale, wine, etc. and often flavoured with spices, was formerly used as a cold remedy? Posset  
  Which drink was advertised with the slogan 'There's a Humphrey about'? Milk  
  Which drink was created when Indian army officers added quinine to soda water to help fight malaria? Tonic Water  
  Which drink was once advertised with the slogan: 'I'm only here for the beer'? Double Diamond  
  Which drink, invented in 1886, was first marketed as the 'Esteemed Brain Tonic and Intellectual Beverage'? Coca Cola  
  Which drink, one of Shakespeare's favourite tipples, is distilled from honey? Mead  
  Which drink, which has been illegal but is being imported once again, is made from the leaves of the wormwood plant? Absinthe  
  Which English family brewer produces Eagle Bitter, Bombardier and also brews Red Stripe under licence? Charles Wells  
  Which English king not only had to deal with the bloody Vikings but with a barrage of burnt bannocks? King Alfred  
  Which European nation were the first to drink tea? The Dutch  
  Which familiar carbonated soft drink contains quinine, a fact which influenced the name it was given? Tonic Water  
  Which famous French chef invented the Peach Melba in 1893? Auguste Escoffier  
  Which fish is smoked and cured and called 'finnan'? Haddock  
  Which flavouring is added to brandy and egg yolks to make advocaat? Vanilla  
  Which food connects Blanche Ames, Lord Lambourne and Willis Williams? They're all Varieties of Apple  
  Which food crop does the Colorado beetle most often attack? Potato  
  Which Food Has A Name, Which Literally Means On A Skewer? Kebab  
  Which Food Stuff Has A Name Which Translates Into English As 'On A Skewer'? Kebab  
  Which Foodstuff Links Gary Lineker and The Spice Girls? Walker 's Crisps  
  Which fruit goes into the liqueur Kirsch? Cherry  
  Which fruit has the most calories per gram? Avocado 
  Which fruit has the scientific name of malus pumulia? The Apple  
  Which fruit has varieties called Concord, Niagra and Muscat? Grapes  
  Which fruit is a cross between a peach and a plum? Nectarine  
  Which Fruit Is The Main Ingredient Of The Relish Guacamole? Avocado  
  Which fruit is traditionally covered with toffee at a fairground? Apple  
  Which fruit is used to make Calvados? Apples  
  Which German spirit is flavoured with caraway seeds and distilled from potatoes? Schnapps  
  Which herb is used to flavour Pernod? Anise 
  Which ingredient gives Earl Grey tea its distinctive flavour? Oil of Bergamot  
  Which is Britain's top selling fruit flavoured soup? Tomato  
  Which is the most eaten fruit in the world? Banana  
  Which Italian city gave its name to a cheese and a type of ham? Parma  
  Which Italian phrase is used to describe pasta cooked only until it offers a slight resistance when bitten? Al dente  
  Which mammal appears on the Bacardi Logo? Bat  
  Which of the following brands of drink sold the most in the UK in the year 2000 - Ribena, Lucozade or Tango?* * Ribena  
  Which part of the English breakfast was known derisively in Victorian times as Little bags of mystery? Sausages  
  Which popular beverage's name is German for 'to store' ? Lager  
  Which product was renamed `Arthur's' after the star of its advertising campaign? Kattomeat  
  Which Rap Act Includes 'MC Taboo' And 'Will I Am' In Their Line Up? Black Eyed Peas  
  Which red jelly is a traditional accompaniment to lamb? Redcurrant  
  Which region of France does claret come from? Bordeaux  
  Which sauce is made with mayonnaise and chopped pickled gherkin? Tartare Sauce  
  Which sauce is named after a river and state in Mexico? Tabasco  
  Which scottish river supplies over 90% of the water used in whiskey manufacture? Spey  
  Which seed is the basic ingredient for tahina paste ? Sesame  
  Which soft drink was invented by the Nicholls family of Wythenshawe, near Manchester, during the 1900's and is sold in both still and sparkling forms? Vimto  
  Which South-East Asian fruit's smell reminds people, to put it mildly, of various stages of decay ? Durian  
  Which spice is obtained from crocuses? Saffron  
  Which spirit is fermented and distilled from sugar cane? Rum  
  Which Spirit Is Pimm's No 1 Based On? Gin  
  Which spirit is used to fortify red wine in creating port? Brandy  
  Which stout is Dublin world-famous for? Guiness  
  Which sweet treat could be found at the Ambassador's parties? Ferraro Rocher  
  Which sweet treat is often found at the Ambassador's parties? Ferrero Rocher  
  Which sweets were reintroduced to Britain in1994 after a 10-year gap? Spangles  
  Which tuber is sometimes called the 'Black Diamond' ? Truffles  
  Which TV Chef Shares His Surname With A Popular Holiday Island Populated By Uk Tourists? Gary Rhodes  
  Which TV soap features a short chocolate animation at the beginning of each episode? Coronation St.  
  Which two cheeses are layered in a Huntsman Cheese? Double Gloucester And Stilton  
  Which two fruits are crossed to make an ugly fruit? Grapefruit & Tangerine  
  Which two popular fruits are anagrams of each other? Lemon and Melon  
  Which two stouts are brewed in cork? Murphy's and Beamish  
  Which Type Of Beans Are Used To Make Baked Beans? Harocot Beans  
  Which Type Of Prepared Bread Is Named After An Opera Singer? Melba Toast  
  Which type of restaurant popularized the use of conveyor belts? Sushi Restaurants  
  Which type of rice should be used to make the italian dish risotto? Arborio (or vialone)  
  Which US state exports the most wine? California  
  Which Vegetable Can Be Oyster, Chestnut, or Shitaki? Mushrooms  
  Which vegetable comes in `globe' and `Jerusalem' varieties? Artichokes  
  Which vegetable did President George Bush senior declare publicly that he did not like? Broccoli  
  Which vegetable has the most calories? Avovado  
  Which vegetable is a Welsh emblem? Leek  
  Which vegetable is also a Welsh emblem? A Leek  
  Which vegetable is also known as the spinach beet or seakale beet? Swiss Chard  
  Which vegetable is the principal ingredient of rosti? Potato  
  Which village in County Antrim gives its name to a brand of Irish whiskey produced there and at a companion distillery in Coleraine? Bushmills  
  Which village in Leicestershire gives its name to a hunt notorious among animal rights protesters and a food popular with vegetarians? Quorn  
  Which well known fruit juice drink brand is the Maori word for 'Good Health''? Kia Ora  
  Who had a big hit with `Sweet Like Chocolate' in 1999? Shanks & Bigfoot  
  Who had a number 1 record in 1963 with Sweets For My Sweet? The Searchers  
  Who invented fortune cookies? Charles Jung 
  Who invented the Egg Mcmuffin? Ed Peterson 
  Who is `The Naked Chef'? Jamie Oliver  
  Who is the American artist who uses Campbell's Soup cans in his pop art? Andy Warhol  
  Who is the Roman god of wine? Bacchhus  
  Who was the female russian dancer who had a desert named after her? Anna pavlova  
  Who was the roman god of wine? Bacchus  
  Who wrote the book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory? Roald Dahl  
  Who wrote the novel Cakes And Ale? W. Somerset Maughan  
  Who, according to the TV commercial, `makes exceedingly good cakes'? Mr. Kipling  
  Wine vinegar, egg white and what other ingredient goes into making hollandaise sauce? Butter  
  With what is champagne mixed to produce `Buck's Fizz'? Orange Juice  
  With which flavour is the liqueur Cr?me de Cassis associated? Blackcurrant  
