   Abuja is the capital of ______? Nigeria
   Acadia was the original name of which Canadian province? Nova Scotia
   Accra is the capital of ______? Ghana
   Alba is the Celtic name for what country? Scotland
   Albany is the capital of _____? New York
   Ankara is the capital of ______? Turkey
   Apart from water, what runs through the mouth of the River Amazon and Lake Victoria? The Equator 
   Approximately what percentage of the earth do the oceans cover? 71
   As what is Constantinople now known? Istanbul
   As what is Formosa now known? Taiwan
   As what is Krung Thep is more commonly known? Bangkok
   As what is the South Pole also known? Amundsen Scott Station
   As what was the Taj Mahal originally built? Tomb
   At over 3 million square kilometres, Sakha is the largest federal subject of which country? Russia 
   Austin is the capital of ______? Texas
   Bamako is the capital of ______? Mali
   Bangkok is the capital of ______? Thailand
   Banjul is the capital of ______? Gambia
   Bismarck is the capital of ______? North Dakota
   Bissau is the capital of ______? Guinea-Bissau
   Bogota is the capital of ______? Colombia
   Boise is the capital of ______? Idaho
   Bridgeport is the largest city in which state? Connecticut
   Brussels is the capital of which country? Belgium
   Budapest is the capital of ______? Hungary
   Burma was the former name of which country ? Myanmar
   Cheyenne is the capital of ______? Wyoming
   Chicago stands on the banks of which lake? Michigan 
   Columbus is the capital of ______? Ohio
   Dakar is the capital of ______? Senegal
   Denmark, Norway and Sweden combine to make what ? Scandinavia
   Des Moines is the capital of ______? Iowa
   Dhaka is the capital of ______? Bangladesh
   Djibouti is the capital of ______? Djibouti
   Excluding Alaska, the American state with the lowest population density is? Wyoming
   Guatemala is the capital of ______? Guatemala
   Guayaquil is the largest city in what country? Ecuador
   Halifax is the capital of which Canadian province? Nova Scotia
   Havana is the capital of which country? Cuba
   Helena is the capital of ______? Montana
   How many countries have a population over 130 million ? Seven
   How many countries have an area less then 10 square miles ? Four
   How many Great Lakes are there? Five
   How many stars are on the flag of New Zealand? Four
   How many time zones are there in China? One
   If James Bond was to dial 007 he would be using the dialing code for which country? Russia 
   If you climbed the Euromast what country would you be in? Rotterdam
   If you flew due West from Portugal, what is the first continent you would reach? North America
   In total, how many provinces and territories are there in Canada? Thirteen
   In US city houses the headquarters of Coca Cola? Atlanta 
   In what city are the famous Tivoli Gardens? Copenhagen
   In what city is the Leaning Tower? Pisa
   In what city is the Smithsonian Institute? Washington
   In what country do people speak the Language they call Nihongo? Japan
   In what country is Banff National Park? Canada
   In what country is Lahore? Pakistan
   In what country is Mandalay? Myanmar (formerly known as Burma)
   In what country is Taipei? Taiwan
   In what country is The Blue Lagoon? Iceland
   In what country is the currency named after the water being called the Pula? Botswana
   In what country is the highest point in South America? Argentina
   In what country is the Jutland peninsula? Denmark
   In what country is the lowest point in South America? Argentina
   In what country is the Mekong River Delta? Vietnam
   In what country is Thunder Bay? Canada
   In what island group is Corregidor? Philippines
   In what mountain range is Kicking Horse Pass? Rocky
   In what Province Is Dublin? Leinster
   In what state is Concord? New Hampshire
   In what state is Silicon Valley? California
   In what US state is Panama City? Florida
   In which Asian country is the Hindu Kush? Afghanistan 
   In Which City Is Marco Polo Airport? Venice 
   In which city is Red Square? Moscow
   In which city is Saint Paul's Cathedral? London
   In which city is the Arch of Hadrian? Athens
   In which city is the Bridge of Sighs? Venice
   In which city is the C.N. Tower? Toronto
   In which city is the Canale Grande? Venice
   In which city is the Colliseum located? Rome
   In which city is the famous Bond Street? London
   In which city is the Mathematical Bridge? Oxford 
   In which city is the Royal Mile? Edinburgh 
   In which city is the Sistine Chapel ? Vatican City
   In which city is the Wailing Wall? Jerusalem
   In which city is Wembley Stadium? London
   In which city is Westminster Abbey? London
   In which continent would you find the Amazon river ? South America
   In which continent would you find the Amur river ? Asia
   In which continent would you find the Congo river ? Africa
   In which continent would you find the Lena river ? Asia
   In which continent would you find the Mackenzie river ? North America
   In which continent would you find the Mekong river ? Asia
   In which continent would you find the Mississippi river ? North America
   In which continent would you find the Niger river ? Africa
   In which continent would you find the Nile river ? Africa
   In which continent would you find the Ob river ? Asia
   In which continent would you find the Volga river ? Europe
   In which continent would you find the Yangtze river ? Asia
   In which continent would you find the Yellow river ? Asia
   In which continent would you find the Yenisey river ? Asia
   In which country did acupuncture originate? China 
   In which country is Angel Falls? Venezuela
   In which country is Brest? (NOT breast) France
   In which country is Chennai (formerly Madras)? India
   In which country is Cusco? Peru
   In which country is K2, the second-highest mountain in the world, located? Pakistan
   In which country is Loch Ness? Scotland
   In which country is the Blarney Stone? Ireland (or Eire) at Blarney Castle near Cork 
   In which country is the Dalai Lama's palace? Tibet
   In which country is the Great Victoria Desert? Australia
   In which country is the largest active volcano in the world? Ecuador
   In which country is the Machu Picchu? Peru
   In which country is Tobruk? Libya
   In which country was natural gas first discovered ? Greece
   In which country was the first Zoo ? China
   In Which Country Will You Find The Bay Of Pigs? Cuba 
   In which country would you find Angkor Wat? Cambodia
   In which country would you find Ayers Rock ? Australia
   In which country would you find Dunkirk ? France
   In which country would you find the Angel Falls, the highest waterfall in the world? Venezuela 
   In which country would you find the spectacular rock formation known as The Three Sisters? Australia
   In which country would you find the Yucatan Peninsula? Mexico
   In which county are all ten of England's highest peaks? Cumbria
   In which county is Berwick-Upon-Tweed? Northumberland 
   In Which County Is Chequers , The PM's Official Residence? Buckinghamshire 
   In which English county is Dartmoor? Devon 
   In which English county is the town of Crook? Durham 
   In which English county is Yeovil? Somerset 
   In Which European Capitaal Is The Famous Mankin Pis? Brussels 
   In Which London Park Would You Find Birdcage Walk? St James's Park 
   In which modern day country is ancient Troy? Turkey
   In Which Ocean Is Greenland Located? Arctic 
   In which ocean or sea are the Seychelles? Indian Ocean
   In which South American country is the Atacama desert? Chile 
   In which southern US state is Dodge City? Kansas 
   In which state are Gettysburg and the Liberty Bell? Pennsylvania
   In which state are the Everglades ? Florida
   In which state are the Finger Lakes? New York
   In which state is Appomattax? Virginia
   In which state is Cape Hatteras? North Carolina
   In which state is Hoover Dam? Arizona
   In which state is Mount McKinley? Alaska
   In which state is Mount St. Helens? Washington
   In which state is Mount Vernon? Virginia
   In which state is Stone Mountain? Georgia
   In which state is the Kennedy Space Center? Florida
   In which state is the Mayo Clinic? Minnesota
   In which state is the Natchez Trail? Mississippi
   In which state is the Painted Desert? Arizona
   In which state is the source of the Mississippi River? Minnesota
   In which state is Tupelo? Mississippi
   In which state is Walla Walla? Washington
   In Which US State Is The City Of New Orleans? Louisiana 
   Into what bay does the Ganges River flow? Bay Of Bengal
   Into what ocean does the Zambezi River empty? Indian Ocean
   Into what sea does the Elbe River flow? North Sea
   Into what sea does the Mackenzie River flow? Beaufort Sea
   Into which bay does the Golden Gate Strait lead? San Francisco Bay
   Into which estuary do the Trent and Ouse flow? Humber
   Into which sea does the Nile flow?* * The Mediterranean 
   Is Belfast in Northern or Southern Ireland? Northern
   Is Dublin in Northern or Southern ireland? Southern
   Jakarta is located on which Indonesian island? Java
   Jefferson City is the capital of ______? Missouri
   Kathmandu is the capital of ______? Nepal
   Khartoum is the capital of which country? Sudan
   Kigali is the capital of ______? Rwanda
   Kingston is the capital of ______? Jamaica
   Kingston is the capital of which country? Jamaica
   Kinshasa is the capital of ______? Democratic Republic of the Congo
   Kuwait City is the capital of ______? Kuwait
   Lansing is the capital of ______? Michigan
   LAR is the international vehicle registration of which country? Libya (Libyan Arab Republic) 
   Libreville is the capital of ______? Gabon
   Lilongwe is the capital of ______? Malawi
   Linz, Austria is a leading port on which river? Danube
   Lome is the capital of ______? Togo
   Luxembourg is the capital of ______? Luxembourg
   Malabo is the capital of ______? Equatorial Guinea
   Mayfair, London is a district of little streets near ______? Hyde Park
   Mexico City is the capital of ______? Mexico
   Monaco has the same flag as what other country? Indonesia
   Montevideo is the capital of ______? Uruguay
   Montevideo Is The Capital Of Which South American Country? Uruguay 
   Name the three baltic countries? Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania
   Nashville is the capital of ______? Tennessee
   Nassau is the capital of which country? Bahamas
   Native American Indians are of which human subrace? (e.g. Caucasian) Mongoloid
   Near what major city is Mount Fuji? Tokyo
   Near what river is the Temple of Karnak? Nile
   New Delhi is the capital of ______? India
   Nicosia is the capital of ______? Cyprus
   Of what are Quemoy and Matsu part? Taiwan
   Of which country does the Kalahari Desert cover 84%? Botswana
   On the banks of which river is the Taj Mahal? River Jumna
   On the London Underground, which station has a different name on two of its platforms? Bank and Monument
   On what island is Honolulu? Oahu
   On what island is Pearl Harbor? Oahu
   On what island is Pearl Harbour? Oahu
   On what island is the Blue Grotto? Capri
   On what island is the U.S. naval base, Guantanamo? Cuba
   On what mountain are four presidents' faces carved? Rushmore
   On what peninsula are Spain and Portugal located? The Iberian peninsula
   On what river is Blackpool? River Fylde
   On what river is Liverpool? Mersey
   On what river is the capital city of Canada? Ottawa
   On what sea is the Crimea? Black Sea
   On which coast of Australia is Sydney? East
   On Which Line Of Latitude Could You Sail Around The World Without Touching Land? 60 Degrees South 
   On which river is London, England? Thames
   On which river is Rome located? Tiber
   On which river is the Aswan High Dam? Nile
   On which river was Rome built ? Tiber
   Ouagadougou is the capital of ______? Burkina Faso
   Port Louis is the capital of ______? Mauritius
   Port Moresby is the capital of ______? Papua New Guinea
   Rabat is the capital of which country? Morocco
   Raleigh is the capital of ______? North Carolina
   Richmond is the capital of ______? Virginia
   Riyadh is the capital of ______? Saudi Arabia
   Rome is the capital of ______? Italy
   San Francisco Bay is located near what city? San Francisco
   Santiago is the capital of ______? Chile
   Santo Domingo is the capital of ______? Dominican Republic
   Seoul is the capital of which country? South Korea
   Singapore is the capital of ______? Singapore
   Springfield is the capital of ______? Illinois
   St Catherine's Point is at the most Southerly tip of which island in the British Isles? Isle Of Wight 
   St. George's is the capital city of what island country? Grenada
   Suez lies at one end of the Suez Canal which city is at the other end? Port Said 
   Sydney is on the east coast of ______? Australia
   Tegucigalpa is the capital of ______? Honduras
   The Airline Danair Is Based Where? Denmark 
   The Andaman Islands belong to which country? India
   The Auckland Islands belong to which country? New Zealand
   The cities of Cairo in Egypt and Fez in Morroco are generally accepted to have the oldest of what type of institution in the world? University 
   The City of Fireze is better known is english as what? Florence
   The highest temperature ever recorded on Earth was in which country? Libya
   The Indus River flows through which country? Pakistan
   The Ionian and Cyclades are island groups of which country? Greece
   The largest policeman's beat (territory) in Europe is in which country? Scotland 
   The Little Mermaid is found in the harbour of which city? Copenhagen
   The longest river in Western Europe is _________? Rhine
   The name of which Central American country means The Saviour in English? El Salvador 
   The Palk Strait runs between which two countries? India and Sri Lanka
   The southernmost point in the 48 American states (excluding Alaska, Hawaii)? Key west
   The sun sets in the ____? West
   The tallest building in the Southern Hemisphere is in which city? Melbourne
   The tenge is the basic monetary unit of which country? Kazakhstan (1 tenge = 100 teims)
   The Thatcher Ferry Bridge crosses what canal? Panama Canal
   The Volta is the largest river in which country? Ghana
   The world's largest lake has a very misleading name. What is it? Caspian Sea 
   This mountain, found in the California Cascades, is famous for it's twin peaks? Mount Shasta
   Through which ocean does the International Date Line approximately follow the 180 degree meridian? Pacific Ocean
   Tirana is the capital of ______? Albania
   To what country do the Faeroe Islands belong? Denmark
   To what country does the Gaza Strip belong? Egypt
   To Which Country do The Balearic Islands Belong? Spain 
   Ulan Bator is the capital of ______? Mongolia
   Under what river does the Holland Tunnel run? Hudson
   Vaduz is the capital of ______? Liechtenstein
   Vilnius is the capital of which country? Lithuania
   Warsaw is the capital of what country? Poland
   What 'I' was once Mesopotamia? Iraq
   What 2 countries have square flags? Switzerland and the Vatican
   What American city is also known as Beantown? Boston
   What American city is known as Little Havana? Miami
   What American state has a Thames river? Connecticut
   What American state is 'The Golden State'? California
   What American state is also called the 'Garden State'? New Jersey
   What American state is the 'Hoosier State'? Indiana
   What and when is the biggest national celebration every year in Australia? Australia Day 
   What are drumlins and eskers formed by? Glaciers
   What are the worlds four oceans - alphabetically? Arctic, Atlantic, Indian and Pacific
   What Asian city was once called Edo? Tokyo
   What body of water borders Saudi Arabia to the east? Persian Gulf
   What Canadian city is at the west end of Lake Ontario? Hamilton
   What canal connects Lake Ontario and Lake Erie? Welland
   What Central American country extends furthest north? Belize
   What Central American country's name means 'many fish'? Panama 
   What city boasts the Copacabana Beach and Ipanema? Rio de Janeiro
   What city has the world's largest black population? New York City
   What city is associated with Alcatraz? San Francisco
   What city is on Lake Erie at the mouth of the Cuyahoga River? Cleveland
   What city is the Christian Science Monitor based in? Boston
   What city is the Kremlin located in? Moscow
   What city was the setting for \Gone With the Wind\? Atlanta
   What color are French Letter Boxes? Yellow
   What color does the bride wear in China? Red
   What colour is the leftmost stripe on the French flag? Blue 
   What continent is Cyprus considered to be part of? Asia
   What continent is part of both the East and Aest hemispheres? Antarctica
   What continent is the home to the greatest number of countries? Africa
   What country are the Islands of Quemoy and Matsu part of? Taiwan
   What country borders Egypt to the South? Sudan
   What country borders Libya on the East? Egypt
   What country borders Sudan to the North? Egypt
   What country does the island of Mykonos belong to? Greece
   What country formed the union of Tanganyika and Zanzibar? Tanzania
   What country has a birth rate of 0? The Vatican City
   What country has the biggest population? China
   What country has the highest per capita tea consumption? Ireland
   What country has the oldest constitution that still exists? America
   What country is directly north of Israel? Lebanon
   What country is directly north of the continental United States? Canada
   What country is directly west of Spain? Portugal
   What country is known as the Hellenic Republic? Greece
   What country is located between Panama and Nicaragua? Costa Rica
   What country is Mt Etna in? Italy
   What country is Phnom Penh the capital of? Cambodia
   What country is Santo Domingo the capital of? Dominican Republic
   What country is situated between Panama and Nicaragua? Costa Rica
   What country is surrounded by Brazil, Argentina and Bolivia? Paraguay
   What country owns the island of Corfu? Greece
   What country was once known as 'The Breadbasket of Russia'? Ukraine
   What country was once known as Gaul? France
   What country was the setting for \Casablanca\? Morocco
   What country was the setting for \Doctor Zhivago\? Russia
   What country's capital is Caracas? Venezuela
   What Did Wellington Replace As The Capital Of New Zealand? Auckland 
   What divides the American North from the South? The Mason-Dixon Line
   What do Americans traditionally eat on thanksgiving day? Turkey
   What does the George Washington Bridge span? Hudson River
   What European country administers the island of Martinique? France
   What European country did Romans call Lusitania? Portugal 
   What European country has \Vaduz\ as its capital city? Liechtenstein
   What famous geyser erupts regularly at the Yellowstone National Park? Old Faithful
   What is a peanut if it is not a pea or a nut? Legume
   What is a piece of shallow saltwater seperated from the deeper sea by coral or sand called? A Lagoon 
   What is also known as Amundsen Scott Station? South Pole
   What is built on the former home of the Earl of Shrewsbury? Alton Towers 
   What is capital of Lithuania? Vilnius
   What is capital of Ukraine? Kiev
   What is known as the graveyard of the Atlantic ? Sable Island
   What is London's largest park? Hyde Park 
   What is South America's highest peak in the Andes, Argentina? Aconcagua
   What is the basic unit of currency for Afghanistan ? Afghani
   What is the basic unit of currency for Albania ? Lek
   What is the basic unit of currency for Algeria ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Andorra ? Peseta
   What is the basic unit of currency for Angola ? Kwanza
   What is the basic unit of currency for Antigua and Barbuda ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Argentina ? Peso
   What is the basic unit of currency for Armenia ? Dram
   What is the basic unit of currency for Australia ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Austria ? Schilling
   What is the basic unit of currency for Azerbaijan ? Manat
   What is the basic unit of currency for Bahamas ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Bahrain ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Bangladesh ? Taka
   What is the basic unit of currency for Barbados ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Belarus ? Rubel
   What is the basic unit of currency for Belgium ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Belize ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Benin ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Bhutan ? Ngultrum
   What is the basic unit of currency for Bolivia ? Boliviano
   What is the basic unit of currency for Bosnia and Herzegovina ? Marka
   What is the basic unit of currency for Botswana ? Pula
   What is the basic unit of currency for Brazil ? Real
   What is the basic unit of currency for Brunei ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Bulgaria ? Lev
   What is the basic unit of currency for Burkina Faso ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Burundi ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Cambodia ? Riel
   What is the basic unit of currency for Cameroon ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Canada ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Cape Verde ? Escudo
   What is the basic unit of currency for Central African Republic ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Chad ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Chile ? Peso
   What is the basic unit of currency for China ? Yuan
   What is the basic unit of currency for Colombia ? Peso
   What is the basic unit of currency for Comoros ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Costa Rica ? Colon
   What is the basic unit of currency for Croatia ? Kuna
   What is the basic unit of currency for Cuba ? Peso
   What is the basic unit of currency for Cyprus ? Pound
   What is the basic unit of currency for Czech Republic ? Koruna
   What is the basic unit of currency for Denmark ? Krone
   What is the basic unit of currency for Djibouti ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Dominica ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Dominican Republic ? Peso
   What is the basic unit of currency for Ecuador ? Sucre
   What is the basic unit of currency for Egypt ? Pound
   What is the basic unit of currency for El Salvador ? Colon
   What is the basic unit of currency for Equatorial Guinea ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Eritrea ? Nakfa
   What is the basic unit of currency for Estonia ? Kroon
   What is the basic unit of currency for Ethiopia ? Birr
   What is the basic unit of currency for Fiji ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Finland ? Markka
   What is the basic unit of currency for France ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Gabon ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Gambia ? Dalasi
   What is the basic unit of currency for Georgia (country)? Lari
   What is the basic unit of currency for Germany ? Deutsche mark
   What is the basic unit of currency for Ghana ? Cedi
   What is the basic unit of currency for Greece ? Drachma
   What is the basic unit of currency for Grenada ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Guatemala ? Quetzal
   What is the basic unit of currency for Guinea ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Guinea-Bissau ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Guyana ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Haiti ? Gourde
   What is the basic unit of currency for Honduras ? Lempira
   What is the basic unit of currency for Hong Kong ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Hungary ? Forint
   What is the basic unit of currency for Iceland ? Krona
   What is the basic unit of currency for India ? Rupee
   What is the basic unit of currency for Indonesia ? Rupiah
   What is the basic unit of currency for Iran ? Rial
   What is the basic unit of currency for Iraq ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Ireland ? Pound
   What is the basic unit of currency for Israel ? Sheqel
   What is the basic unit of currency for Italy ? Lira
   What is the basic unit of currency for Ivory Coast ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Jamaica ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Japan ? Yen
   What is the basic unit of currency for Jordan ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Kazakhstan ? Tenge
   What is the basic unit of currency for Kenya ? Shilling
   What is the basic unit of currency for Kiribati ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Kuwait ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Kyrgyzstan ? Som
   What is the basic unit of currency for Laos ? Kip
   What is the basic unit of currency for Latvia ? Lats
   What is the basic unit of currency for Lebanon ? Livre
   What is the basic unit of currency for Lesotho ? Loti
   What is the basic unit of currency for Liberia ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Libya ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Liechtenstein ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Lithuania ? Litas
   What is the basic unit of currency for Luxembourg ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Macao ? Pataca
   What is the basic unit of currency for Macedonia ? Denar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Madagascar ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Malawi ? Kwacha
   What is the basic unit of currency for Malaysia ? Ringgit
   What is the basic unit of currency for Maldives ? Rufiyaa
   What is the basic unit of currency for Mali ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Malta ? Lira
   What is the basic unit of currency for Marshall Islands ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Mauritania ? Ouguiya
   What is the basic unit of currency for Mauritius ? Rupee
   What is the basic unit of currency for Mexico ? Peso
   What is the basic unit of currency for Micronesia ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Moldova ? Leu
   What is the basic unit of currency for Monaco ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Mongolia ? Tugrik
   What is the basic unit of currency for Morocco ? Dirham
   What is the basic unit of currency for Mozambique ? Metical
   What is the basic unit of currency for Myanmar ? Kyat
   What is the basic unit of currency for Namibia ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Nauru ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Nepal ? Rupee
   What is the basic unit of currency for Netherlands ? Guilder
   What is the basic unit of currency for New Zealand ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Nicaragua ? Cordoba
   What is the basic unit of currency for Niger ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Nigeria ? Naira
   What is the basic unit of currency for North Korea ? Won
   What is the basic unit of currency for Norway ? Krone
   What is the basic unit of currency for Oman ? Rial
   What is the basic unit of currency for Pakistan ? Rupee
   What is the basic unit of currency for Palau ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Panama ? Balboa
   What is the basic unit of currency for Papua New Guinea ? Kina
   What is the basic unit of currency for Paraguay ? Guarani
   What is the basic unit of currency for Peru ? Sol
   What is the basic unit of currency for Philippines ? Peso
   What is the basic unit of currency for Poland ? Zloty
   What is the basic unit of currency for Portugal ? Escudo
   What is the basic unit of currency for Qatar ? Riyal
   What is the basic unit of currency for Romania ? Leu
   What is the basic unit of currency for Russia ? Rouble
   What is the basic unit of currency for Rwanda ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Saint Kitts and Nevis ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Saint Lucia ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Saint Vincent and the Grenadines ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Samoa ? Tala
   What is the basic unit of currency for San Marino ? Lira
   What is the basic unit of currency for Saudi Arabia ? Riyal
   What is the basic unit of currency for Senegal ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Seychelles ? Rupee
   What is the basic unit of currency for Sierra Leone ? Leone
   What is the basic unit of currency for Singapore ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Slovakia ? Koruna
   What is the basic unit of currency for Slovenia ? Tolar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Solomon Islands ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Somalia ? Shilling
   What is the basic unit of currency for South Africa ? Rand
   What is the basic unit of currency for South Korea ? Won
   What is the basic unit of currency for Spain ? Peseta
   What is the basic unit of currency for Sri Lanka ? Rupee
   What is the basic unit of currency for Sudan ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Suriname ? Guilder
   What is the basic unit of currency for Swaziland ? Lilangeni
   What is the basic unit of currency for Sweden ? Krona
   What is the basic unit of currency for Switzerland ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Syria ? Pound
   What is the basic unit of currency for Taiwan ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Tajikistan ? Rouble
   What is the basic unit of currency for Tanzania ? Shilling
   What is the basic unit of currency for Thailand ? Baht
   What is the basic unit of currency for Togo ? Franc
   What is the basic unit of currency for Tonga ? Pa'anga
   What is the basic unit of currency for Trinidad and Tobago ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Tunisia ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Turkey ? Lira
   What is the basic unit of currency for Turkmenistan ? Manat
   What is the basic unit of currency for Tuvalu ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Uganda ? Shilling
   What is the basic unit of currency for Ukraine ? Hryvnia
   What is the basic unit of currency for United Arab Emirates ? Dirham
   What is the basic unit of currency for United Kingdom ? Pound
   What is the basic unit of currency for United States ? Dollar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Uruguay ? Peso
   What is the basic unit of currency for Uzbekistan ? Sum
   What is the basic unit of currency for Vanuatu ? Vatu
   What is the basic unit of currency for Vatican City ? Lira
   What is the basic unit of currency for Venezuela ? Bolivar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Vietnam ? Dong
   What is the basic unit of currency for Yemen ? Rial
   What is the basic unit of currency for Yugoslavia ? Dinar
   What is the basic unit of currency for Zambia ? Kwacha
   What is the basic unit of currency for Zimbabwe ? Dollar
   What is the capital city of Ethiopia? Addis Ababa 
   What is the capital city of New Zealand? Wellington
   What is the capital of Afghanistan ? Kabul
   What is the capital of Alaska? Juneau
   What is the capital of Albania? Tirana
   What is the capital of Algeria ? Algiers
   What is the capital of Andorra ? Andorra la Vella
   What is the capital of Angola ? Luanda
   What is the capital of Antigua and Barbuda ? Saint John's
   What is the capital of Armenia ? Yerevan
   What is the capital of Australia ? Canberra
   What is the capital of Australia? Canberra
   What is the capital of Austria ? Vienna
   What is the capital of Azerbaijan ? Baku
   What is the capital of Bahrain ? Manama
   What is the capital of Barbados ? Bridgetown
   What is the Capital of Barbados Called? Bridgetown 
   What is the capital of Barbados? Bridgetown
   What is the capital of Belarus ? Minsk
   What is the capital of Belgium ? Brussels
   What is the capital of Belize ? Belmopan
   What is the capital of Bhutan ? Thimphu
   What is the capital of Bolivia ? La Paz
   What is the capital of Bosnia and Hercegovina ? Sarajevo
   What is the capital of Botswana ? Gaborone
   What is the capital of Brazil? Brasilia
   What is the capital of Brunei ? Bandar Seri Begawan
   What is the capital of Bulgaria ? Sofia
   What is the capital of Burkina Faso ? Ouagadougou
   What is the capital of Burkina Faso? Ouagadougou
   What is the capital of Burma? Rangoon
   What is the capital of Burundi ? Bujumbura
   What is the capital of California? Sacramento
   What is the capital of Cambodia ? Phnom Penh
   What is the capital of Canada ? Ottawa
   What is the capital of Cape Verde ? Praia
   What is the capital of Central African Republic ? Bangui
   What is the capital of Chad ? N'Djamena
   What is the capital of Chechnya? Grozny 
   What is the capital of Chile? Santiago
   What is the capital of China ? Beijing
   What is the capital of Colombia? Bogota
   What is the capital of Colorado? Denver
   What is the capital of Comoros ? Moroni
   What is the capital of Congo ? Brazzaville
   What is the capital of Croatia ? Zagreb
   What is the capital of Croatia? Zagreb
   What is the capital of Croatia? Zagreb 
   What is the capital of Cuba ? Havana
   What is the capital of Cyprus ? Nicosia
   What is the capital of Cyprus? Nicosia
   What is the capital of Czech Republic ? Prague
   What is the capital of Democratic Republic of the Congo ? Kinshasa
   What is the capital of Democratic Republic of the Congo? Kinshasa
   What is the capital of Denmark ? Copenhagen
   What is the capital of Djibouti ? Djibouti
   What is the capital of Djibouti? Djibouti
   What is the capital of Dominica ? Roseau
   What is the capital of Dominican Republic ? Santo Domingo
   What is the capital of Ecuador ? Quito
   What is the capital of Egypt ? Cairo
   What is the capital of El Salvador ? San Salvador
   What is the capital of Equatorial Guinea ? Malabo
   What is the capital of Equatorial Guinea? Malabo
   What is the capital of Eritrea ? Asmara
   What is the capital of Estonia ? Tallinn
   What is the capital of Estonia? Tallin
   What is the capital of Ethiopia ? Addis Ababa
   What is the capital of Fiji ? Suva
   What is the capital of Finland ? Helsinki
   What is the capital of Florida? Tallahassee
   What is the capital of France ? Paris
   What is the capital of Gabon ? Libreville
   What is the capital of Gabon? Libreville
   What is the capital of Gambia ? Banjul
   What is the capital of Gambia? Banjul
   What is the capital of Germany ? Berlin
   What is the capital of Ghana ? Accra
   What is the capital of Ghana? Accra
   What is the capital of Greece ? Athens
   What is the capital of Grenada ? Saint George's
   What is the capital of Guam? Agana
   What is the capital of Guatemala ? Guatemala
   What is the capital of Guatemala? Guatemala
   What is the capital of Guinea ? Conakry
   What is the capital of Guinea-Bissau ? Bissau
   What is the capital of Guinea-Bissau? Bissau
   What is the capital of Guyana ? Georgetown
   What is the capital of Haiti ? Port-au-Prince
   What is the capital of Hawaii? Honolulu
   What Is The Capital Of Hawaii? Honolulu 
   What is the capital of Honduras ? Tegucigalpa
   What is the capital of Honduras? Tegucigalpa
   What is the capital of Hungary ? Budapest
   What is the capital of Hungary? Budapest
   What is the capital of Idaho? Boise
   What is the capital of Illinois? Springfield
   What is the capital of India? New Delhi
   What is the capital of Indonesia? Jakarta
   What is the capital of Iowa? Des Moines
   What is the capital of Iran ? Tehran
   What is the capital of Iraq ? Baghdad
   What is the capital of Ireland ? Dublin
   What is the capital of Israel ? Jerusalem
   What is the capital of Italy? Rome
   What is the capital of Jamaica ? Kingston
   What is the capital of Jamaica? Kingston
   What is the capital of Japan ? Tokyo
   What is the capital of Jordan ? Amman
   What is the capital of Kansas? Topeka
   What is the capital of Kazakhstan ? Astana
   What is the capital of Kenya ? Nairobi
   What is the capital of Kiribati ? Bairiki
   What is the capital of Kuwait ? Kuwait City
   What is the capital of Kuwait? Kuwait
   What is the capital of Kyrgyzstan ? Bishkek
   What is the capital of Laos ? Vientiane
   What is the capital of Latvia ? Riga
   What is the capital of Lebanon ? Beirut
   What is the capital of Lesotho ? Maseru
   What is the capital of Liberia ? Monrovia
   What is the capital of Libya ? Tripoli
   What is the capital of Liechtenstein ? Vaduz
   What is the capital of Liechtenstein? Vaduz
   What is the capital of Lithuania ? Vilnius
   What is the capital of Luxembourg ? Luxembourg
   What is the capital of Luxembourg? Luxembourg
   What is the capital of Macedonia ? Skopje
   What is the capital of Madagascar ? Antananarivo
   What is the capital of Madagascar? Antananarivo
   What is the capital of Maine? Augusta
   What is the capital of Malawi ? Lilongwe
   What is the capital of Malawi? Lilongwe
   What is the capital of Malaysia ? Kuala Lumpur
   What is the capital of Maldives ? Male
   What is the capital of Mali ? Bamako
   What is the capital of Mali? Bamako
   What is the capital of Malta ? Valletta
   What is the capital of Marshall Islands ? Dalap-Uliga-Davrit
   What is the capital of Mauritania ? Nouakchott
   What is the capital of Mauritius ? Port Louis
   What is the capital of Mauritius? Port Louis
   What is the capital of Mexico ? Mexico City
   What is the capital of Mexico? Mexico City
   What is the capital of Michigan? Lansing
   What is the capital of Micronesia ? Palikir
   What is the capital of Missouri? Jefferson City
   What is the capital of Moldova ? Chisinau
   What is the capital of Moldova? Kishinev
   What is the capital of Monaco ? Monaco
   What is the capital of Mongolia ? Ulaanbaatar
   What is the capital of Mongolia? Ulan Bator
   What is the capital of Montana? Helena
   What is the capital of Morocco ? Rabat
   What is the capital of Mozambique ? Maputo
   What is the capital of Namibia ? Windhoek
   What is the capital of Nauru ? The district of Yaren
   What is the capital of Nepal ? Kathmandu
   What is the capital of Nepal? Kathmandu
   What is the capital of New York state? Albany
   What is the capital of Nicaragua ? Managua
   What is the capital of Nicaragua? Managua
   What is the capital of Niger ? Niamey
   What is the capital of Nigeria ? Abuja
   What is the capital of Nigeria? Abuja
   What is the capital of North Carolina? Raleigh
   What is the capital of North Dakota? Bismarck
   What is the capital of North Korea ? Pyongyang
   What is the capital of Norway ? Oslo
   What is the capital of Ohio? Columbus
   What is the capital of Oman ? Muscat
   What is the capital of Pakistan ? Islamabad
   What is the capital of Panama ? Panama City
   What is the capital of Papua New Guinea ? Port Moresby
   What is the capital of Papua New Guinea? Port Moresby
   What is the capital of Pennsylvania? Harrisburg
   What is the capital of Peru ? Lima
   What is the capital of Philippines ? Manila
   What is the capital of Poland ? Warsaw
   What is the capital of Portugal ? Lisbon
   What is the capital of Qatar ? Doha
   What is the capital of Qatar? Doha 
   What is the capital of Romania ? Bucharest
   What is the capital of Russia ? Moscow
   What is the capital of Rwanda ? Kigali
   What is the capital of Rwanda? Kigali
   What is the capital of Saint Kitts and Nevis ? Basseterre
   What is the capital of Saint Lucia ? Castries
   What is the capital of Saint Vincent ? Kingstown
   What is the capital of Samoa ? Apia
   What is the capital of San Marino ? San Marino
   What is the capital of Saudi Arabia ? Riyadh
   What is the capital of Saudi Arabia? Riyadh
   What is the capital of Senegal ? Dakar
   What is the capital of Senegal? Dakar
   What is the capital of Seychelles ? Victoria
   What is the capital of Sierra Leone ? Freetown
   What is the capital of Singapore ? Singapore
   What is the capital of Singapore? Singapore
   What is the capital of Slovakia ? Bratislava
   What is the capital of Slovenia ? Ljubljana
   What is the capital of Solomon Islands ? Honiara
   What is the capital of Somalia ? Mogadishu
   What is the capital of South Korea ? Seoul
   What is the capital of Spain ? Madrid
   What is the capital of Sudan ? Khartoum
   What is the capital of Suriname ? Paramaribo
   What is the capital of Swaziland ? Mbabane
   What is the capital of Sweden ? Stockholm
   What is the capital of Switzerland ? Bern
   What is the capital of Syria ? Damascus
   What is the capital of Taiwan ? Taipei
   What is the capital of Tennessee? Nashville
   What is the capital of Texas? Austin
   What is the capital of Thailand ? Bangkok
   What is the capital of Thailand? Bangkok
   What is the capital of The Bahamas ? Nassau
   What is the capital of the country Georgia ? Tbilisi
   What is the capital of the Dominican Republic? Santo Domingo
   What is the capital of the Italian province Lazio? Rome
   What is the capital of The Netherlands ? Amsterdam
   What is the capital of the overseas department and administrative region of France, Réunion? Saint-Denis
   What Is The Capital Of The Philippines? Manila 
   What is the capital of the United Arab Emirates? Abu Dhabi
   What is the capital of Togo? Lome
   What is the capital of Tonga ? Nuku'alofa
   What is the capital of Trinidad and Tobago ? Port-of-Spain
   What is the capital of Tunisia ? Tunis
   What is the capital of Turkey ? Ankara
   What is the capital of Turkey? Ankara
   What is the capital of Turkmenistan ? Ashgabat
   What is the capital of Tuvalu ? Fongafale
   What is the capital of Uganda ? Kampala
   What is the capital of Ukraine ? Kiev
   What is the capital of United Kingdom ? London
   What is the capital of United States ? Washington
   What is the capital of Uruguay ? Montevideo
   What is the capital of Uruguay? Montevideo
   What is the capital of Uzbekistan ? Tashkent
   What is the capital of Vanuatu ? Port-Vila
   What is the capital of Vatican City ? Vatican City
   What is the capital of Venezuela ? Caracas
   What is the capital of Vietnam ? Hanoi
   What is the capital of Virginia? Richmond
   What is the capital of Wales? Cardiff
   What is the capital of Wales?? Cardiff
   What is the capital of Washington state? Olympia
   What is the capital of West Virginia? Charleston
   What is the capital of Wisconsin? Madison
   What is the capital of Wyoming? Cheyenne
   What is the capital of Yugoslavia ? Belgrade
   What is the capital of Zambia ? Lusaka
   What is the capital of Zimbabwe? Harare
   What is the capitla of Croatia? Zagreb 
   What is the capitol of Iceland? Reykjavik
   What is the circle of the earth at 0 degrees latitude called? Equator
   What Is The Colour Of The Cross On The Finish Flag? Blue 
   What is the correct name of Bangkok? Krung Thep
   What is the current name for south-west Africa? Namibia
   What is the deepest land gorge in the world? Grand Canyon
   What is the fifth largest country in the world? Brazil
   What is the highest mountain in Canada? Mt. Logan
   What is the highest mountain in Europe? Mont Blanc
   What is the highest mountain in the Appalachian range? Mt. Mitchell
   What is the highest mountain in the world? Mount Everest
   What is the highest peak in Fiji? Mount Victoria
   What is the highest point in South America? Aconcagua
   What is the highest waterfall in the USA? Yosemite
   What is the largest city in Australia, in terms of population? Sydney
   What is the largest city in China? Shanghai
   What is the largest city in Ecuador? Guayaquil
   What is the largest city in Switzerland? Zurich
   What is the largest country in Central America? Nicaragua
   What is the largest country in the world? Russia (c.17 million square kilometres) 
   What is the largest exclusively Indonesian island? Sumatra
   What is the largest island in the Caribbean? Cuba
   What is the largest island in the East Indies? Borneo
   What is the largest island in the Indian Ocean? Madagascar
   What is the largest island in the Indian Ocean? Madagascar 
   What is the largest island in the Mediterranean? Sicily
   What is the largest island in the Philippines? Luzon
   What is the largest island in the world? Greenland
   What is the largest lake in Europe? Lake Lagoda
   What is the largest natural lake found in Africa? Lake Victoria
   What is the largest ocean? Pacific Ocean
   What is the largest of the countries in Central America? Nicaragua
   What is the largest of the pyramids in Egypt? Cheops
   What is the longest mountain range in the world? Andes
   What is the longest river in Australia? Darling
   What is the monetary unit of India? Rupee
   What is the most air polluted city in the United States? Los Angeles
   What is the most mountainous country in Europe? Switzerland
   What Is The Most Popular English City? London 
   What is the most sacred river in India? Ganges
   What is the name for the deepest part of the ocean ? Abyss
   What is the name of the extinct volcano that rises above Edinburgh? Arthur's Seat 
   What is the name of the famous large coral reef located off the coast of northeastern Australia? Great Barrier Reef
   What is the name of the large natural landmark in northern Australia also known as Uluru? Ayers Rock
   What is the name of the mountain chain separating most of Spain from France? Pyrenees
   What is the nearest town to the Lightwater Valley Theme Park? Ripon 
   What is the official language of Egypt? Arabic
   What is the oldest town in Belgium? Tongeren
   What is the only borough of New York City that is not on an island? Bronx
   What is the only country in the world whose name starts with 'O'? Oman
   What is the principal river of Ireland? Shannon
   What is the river capital of the world? Akron
   What is the saltiest sea in the world? The Dead Sea
   What is the second highest peak in Africa? Mt. Kenya
   What is the second highest peak in Mexico? Popocatepetl
   What is the second largest continent in the world? Africa
   What is the second largest country in the world? Canada 
   What is the second largest ocean? Atlantic Ocean
   What is the second largest of the United States? Texas
   What is the second largest state in the USA? Texas
   What is the second longest river in the world? Amazon 
   What is the smallest Canadian province? Prince Edward Island
   What is the smallest independent state in the world? Vatican City
   What is the smallest of the Central American countries? El Salvador
   What is the smallest state in the USA? Rhode Island
   What is the Southernmost country in continental Europe? Spain
   What is the state capital of Louisiana? Baton Rouge 
   What is the windiest place on earth? Mount Washington, New Hampshire
   What is the world's deepest lake ? Lake Baikal
   What is the world's highest city? Lhasa
   What is the world's highest mountain ? Mount Everest
   What is the world's highest waterfall? Angel Falls
   What is the world's largest desert? Sahara Desert
   What is the world's largest lake? Caspian Sea
   What is the world's largest sea? Mediterranean
   What Is The World's Most Northerly Capital City? Reykjavik ( Iceland ) 
   What is the world's second highest mountain ? K2
   What is the world's third largest sea? Mediterranean 
   What is the world's widest river? Amazon
   What is the worlds longest concrete dam? Grand Coulee Dam
   What is the worlds most southerly capital?* * Wellington, New Zealand 
   What island has Hamilton as its capital? Bermuda
   What island is known as the Spice Island? Zanzibar
   What lake is approximately 394,000 sq. km in area? Caspian Sea
   What language do the locals speak in Bogota? Spanish (Bogota is the capital of Columbia) 
   What London borough does the Prime Meridian pass through? Greenwich
   What mountain range separates Europe from Asia? Ural
   What name is shared by mountain ranges in Scotland & Australia? Grampians 
   What notable geographical feature is shared by Oxford, Reading, Windsor and London? The River Thames 
   What ocean is found along the East border of Asia? Pacific Ocean
   What place is known as 'the land nowhere near'? Cape Three Points
   What prison island was off the coast of French Guiana? Devil's Island
   What river has the largest drainage basin? Amazon
   What river is called \Old Man River\? Mississippi
   What river is Liverpool on? Mersey
   What river is the Temple of Karnak near? Nile
   What river separates the city of Florence? Arno
   What Scandinavian capital begins and ends with the same letter? Oslo
   What sea is between Italy and Yugoslavia? Adriatic
   What seaport's name is spanish for 'white house'? Casablanca
   What small island is in the bay of Naples? Isle of Capri
   What south American country has both a Pacific and Atlantic coastline? Colombia
   What state borders Alabama to the north? Tennessee
   What state is the Golden State? California
   What state was the home to Mayberry? North Carolina
   What symbol is on the flag of Vietnam? Star
   What tunnel connects France and Italy ? Mont Blanc Tunnel
   What two US states are rectangular? Colorado and Wyoming
   What U.S city is known as Insurance City? Hartford
   What U.S city is named after Saint Francis of Assisi? San Francisco
   What U.S state is known as The Land of 10,000 Lakes? Minnesota
   What unit of currency will buy you dinner in Iraq, Jordan, Tunisia, and Yugoslavia? Dinar
   What US Citys name means 'straits' or 'channel'? Detroit
   What US state has the most tornadoes on average? Texas
   What US state is completely surrounded by the Pacific Ocean? Hawaii
   What volcano showers ash on Sicily? Etna
   What was the former name of Manhattan's Park Avenue? Fourth Avenue 
   What was the former name of Thailand? Siam
   What was the hightest mountain in the world before the discovery of everest? Mount Everest
   What word Represents Q In The Phonetic Alphabet? Quebec 
   What's the capital of Poland? Warsaw
   What's the former name of Istanbul? Constantinople
   What's the highest mountain in the 48 contiguous U.S. states? Whitney
   What's the most southerly city Toronto, Seattle, Budapest or Bordeaux?  Toronto 
   Where are the 'wallops'? Hampshire
   Where are the great Walls of Babylon located in the modern day world ? Iraq
   Where are the headquarters of the CIA? Langley, Virginia
   Where are the Nazca Lines? Peru
   Where are the North Yolla Bolly mountains? USA, California 
   Where are the pyramids located? Egypt
   Where are the two steepest streets in the USA? San Francisco
   Where can you find the first iron bridge ever built? Ironbridge, near Telford in Shropshire, England 
   Where did the most powerful explosion ever witnessed on Earth occur? Krakatoa
   Where in Britain is Ronaldsway Airport? The Isle Of Man 
   Where in the world is Rock English spoken? Gibraltar 
   Where is Angel Falls? Venezuela
   Where is area 51 generally said to be? Groom Lake
   Where is Beacon Street? Boston
   Where is Calcutta? India
   Where is Cape Hatteras? North Carolina
   Where is Dogger Bank? The North Sea
   Where is Eurodisney? Paris, France
   Where is Euston Station? London
   Where is George Washington buried? Mt. Vernon, Virginia
   Where is Gorky Park? Moscow
   Where is Lake Maracaibo? Venezuela
   Where is most of America's gold located ? Fort Knox
   Where is Mount Washington? New Hampshire
   Where is Queen Maud Land located? Antarctica
   Where is Tabasco? Mexico
   Where is the Admirality Arch? London
   Where is the Blue Grotto - la Grotta Azzurra ? Capri, Italy
   Where is the bridge of San Luis Rey? Peru
   Where is the city of Brotherly Love? Philadelphia
   Where is the Holy Kaaba? Mecca
   Where is the land of 10,000 lakes? Minnesota
   Where is the Machu Picchu? Peru
   Where is the original London Bridge located? Lake Havasu, Arizona
   Where is the Parthenon located? Athens
   Where is the statue 'Le Petit Pissoir'? Brussels
   Where is the Taj Mahal? India
   Where is the tallest building in the world? Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
   Where is the wailing wall? Jerusalem
   Where is the world's biggest prison camp? Siberia
   Where is the world's largest desert? North Africa
   Where is Tongeren? Belgium
   Where is Westminster Abbey located? London
   Where were the Pillars of Hercules located? Gibraltar
   Where would you find the Queen Alexandra, Queen Elizabeth and Queen Maud mountain ranges? Antarctica 
   Which American state's name is Spanish for \colored\ or \colored land\? Colorado
   Which American state's name is Spanish for \flowered\ or \flowery land\? Florida
   Which borough is northeast of and adjacent to Manhattan? The Bronx 
   Which bridge spans the Hudson River? George Washington Bridge
   Which British Island is served by Ronaldsway Airport? Isle Of Man 
   Which Californian desert drops below sea level? Death Valley
   Which Canadian province extends farthest north? Quebec
   Which capital city has the highest population (as at 2006)? Tokyo (c. 34 million) 
   Which capital city stands on the Potomac River? Washington D.C. 
   Which capital is known as the Glass Capital of the World? Toledo
   Which Central American country extends furthest north? Belize
   Which city has the highest population ? Mexico City
   Which city has the largest rodeo in the world? Calgary
   Which city in New Zealand is known both as the City of the Plains and the Garden City is it Wellington or Christchurch? Christchurch 
   Which city in the Americas has the largest population? Buenos Aires 
   Which city is furthest north in terms of its line of latitude? Rome 
   Which city is home to the 4th largest pyramid in the world? Las Vegas
   Which city is known as Motown? Detroit
   Which city is known as the Windy City? Chicago
   Which city is on the east side of San Francisco Bay? Oakland
   Which City Is The Capital Of Bulgaria? Sofia 
   Which country administers Christmas Island? Australia
   Which country administers Martinique? France
   Which country administers South Georgia, a last stop before Antarctica? Great britain
   Which country altered it's timezone in order to be the first to see in the year 2000 ? Tonga
   Which country are the Galapagos Islands part of? Ecuador
   Which country at the southern tip of the Arabian Peninsula was previously known as Aden? Yemen 
   Which country borders Italy, Switzerland, West Germany, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Yugoslavia, and Liechtenstein? Austria
   Which country developed \Tae-Kwan-Do\? Korea
   Which country had the world's tallest habitable building as of 2006? Taiwan (Tapei 101) 
   Which country has a flag of a red circle on a white background ? Japan
   Which country has Ankara as its capital? Turkey
   Which country has Budapest as its capital? Hungary
   Which country has taken its name from a line of latitude? Ecuador 
   Which country has the fourth largest population ? Indonesia
   Which Country Has The International Car Registration EAK? Kenya 
   Which country has the internet domain .me? Montenegro 
   Which country has the longest land border? China
   Which country has the most emigrants? Mexico
   Which country hosted the 1982 World Cup of soccer? Spain
   Which country is also known as Suomi ? Finland
   Which country is known as the roof of the world? Tibet
   Which country is the smallest population ? Vatican City
   Which country occupies the 'horn' of Africa? Somalia
   Which country owns Corfu? Greece
   Which country uses a Lek as a unit of currency? Albania 
   Which country uses the \yen\ for currency? Japan
   Which country was previously called Abyssinia? Ethiopia 
   Which country would come first in an alphabetical list of countries? Afghanistan
   Which country's ships fly under the Union Jack ? Great Britain
   Which County Is Basingstoke In? Hampshire 
   Which County Is Glastonbury In? Somerset 
   Which County Is Maidstone In? Kent 
   Which County Is Stratford - Upon - Haven In? Warwickshire 
   Which element makes up 2.5% of the Earth's crust ? Potassium
   Which element makes up 2.6% of the Earth's crust ? Magnesium
   Which element makes up 2.83% of the Earth's crust ? Sodium
   Which element makes up 27.72% of the Earth's crust ? Silicon
   Which element makes up 3.63% of the Earth's crust ? Calcium
   Which element makes up 46.6% of the Earth's crust ? Oxygen
   Which element makes up 5% of the Earth's crust ? Iron
   Which element makes up 8.13% of the Earth's crust ? Aluminium
   Which English county has the smallest perimeter? Isle of Wight
   Which European capital City is nicknamed (the city of a hundred spires) and has tourist attractions including St Vitus Cathedral and Charles Bridge? Prague 
   Which European capital city stands on the Manzanares River? Madrid 
   Which European Country has a name that literally means, lower lands? Netherlands 
   Which European country has the highest population density? Monaco
   Which European country has the lowest population density? Iceland
   Which famous country park surrounds the village of Edwinstowe in Nottinghamsire? Sherwood Forest 
   Which German federal state surrounds the city of Berlin? Bradenburg 
   Which Gulf Lies Between Iran And Saudi Arabia ? Persian Gulf 
   Which imaginery line approximately follows the 180 degree meridian through the Pacific Ocean? International Date Line
   Which Irish city is famous for its crystal? Waterford
   Which Is Europe's Largest Country After Russia? Ukraine 
   Which is the Earth's fifth largest continent ? Antarctica
   Which is the Earth's fourth largest continent ? South America
   Which is the Earth's largest continent ? Asia
   Which is the Earth's second largest continent ? Africa
   Which is the Earth's second smallest continent ? Europe
   Which is the Earth's smallest continent ? Australia
   Which is the Earth's third largest continent ? North America
   Which Is The Largest Island In The Caribbean? Cuba 
   Which is the largest lake in South America? Lake Maracaibo
   Which is the largest lake in the British Isles? Lough Neagh in Northern Ireland 
   Which is the largest lake in the world? Caspian Sea 
   Which is the least populated state in the USA? Wyoming 
   Which is the most famous castle in County Cork, Ireland? Blarney Castle 
   Which is the most northerly town in the British Isles? Lerwick 
   Which is the most populated state/territory in Australia? New South Wales
   Which is the most remote island in the southern atlantic ocean? Bouvet Island
   Which is the only city in Cornwall? Truro 
   Which is the only land-locked country in South East Asia? Laos
   Which is the only musical bird that can fly backwards? Hummingbird
   Which is the only sea below sea level? Dead Sea
   Which is the only South East Asian country that is a member of the British Commonwealth? Malaysia
   Which is the only US state to have a Z in it's name? Arizona 
   Which is the smallest independent country? Vatican City
   Which island country lies immediately to the East of Réunion? Mauritius
   Which island country lies immediately to the West of Mauritius? Réunion
   Which island country lies to the East of Mauritius? Australia
   Which island country lies to the West of Australia? Mauritius
   Which island was born near Iceland in 1963 ? Surtsey
   Which islands were named after Prince Philip of Spain? The Philippines
   Which Islands Were The Subject Of A War Between Argentina And Britain in 1982? Falklands 
   Which large city is on the Southeastern coast of Australia? Sydney
   Which mainland Latin American country is in neither South America nor Central America? Mexico
   Which motorway connects London with Cardiff? The M4 
   Which mountains are regarded as the east border of Europe ? Ural
   Which ocean has an area of approximately 166 sq. km? Pacific Ocean
   Which of the 48 contiguous states extends farthest north? Minnesota
   Which of the U.S. states borders only one other state? Maine
   Which port of Sicily shares its name with a city in New York State? Syracuse 
   Which Portuguese colony reverted to China in December 1999? Macau
   Which river contains the most fresh water? Amazon
   Which river passes through Germany, Austria, Slovakia, Hungary, Croatia, Yugoslavia, Romania, Bulgaria and Ukraine before arriving at the Black Sea? Danube
   Which river produces the most sediment? Yellow River
   Which Rock Is On The South Coast Of Spain? Gibraltar 
   Which Scandinavian Capital Begins And Ends With The Same Letter? Oslo 
   Which sea is located between Australia and New Zealand? Tasman
   Which South American Capital City Is Also The Name For A Variety Of Bean? Lima 
   Which South American country has both a Pacific and Atlantic coastline? Colombia
   Which state has the most hospitals? California
   Which state is divided into two parts by a large lake? Michigan
   Which state is the Evergreen State? Washington
   Which state is the Garden State? New Jersey
   Which state is the Wolverine State? Michigan
   Which Strait Separates Alaska From Russia? The Bering Strait 
   Which three countries border Luxembourg? France, Belgium and Germany 
   Which town in Strathclyde was created a new town in 1955? Cumbernauld 
   Which tropic passes through Australia? Tropic of Capricorn
   Which U.S. city is known as Beantown? Boston
   Which U.S. city is known as the Biggest Little City in the World? Reno
   Which U.S. state borders a Canadian territory? Alaska
   Which U.S. state has the least rainfall? Nevada
   Which U.S. state receives the most rainfall? Hawaii
   Which US state capital is known as the (mile high city) because of its elevation above sea level? Denver 
   Which US state gets the most rainfall? Hawaii
   Who is regarded as the most influential monarch of Russian Romanov Dynasty? Peter I
   Who owns the island of Bermuda? Britain
   Who renamed the South Sea as the Pacific Ocean in 1520? Ferdinand Magellan 
   Who Was Head Of State Of Spain Before King Juan Carlos? General Franco 
   With what country is Fidel Castro associated? Cuba
   With which country is Prince Rainier III identified? Monaco
   Yaounde is the capital of ______? Cameroon